'--- Legend of Zelda: Mystery of Solarus DX Walkthrough ---'

-- CHAPTER 1 -- THE AWAKENING OF THE HERO

After the introduction, jump from your bed and open the chest containing your Shield, and take the
opportunity to break all the vases: 5 rubies will be granted in all. Do not worry about the room on the
right, you can only go a little later. Get out of the house, and talk to the monkey to let you pass.

Head north, following the cliff on the right. You see a ledge from which you can jump, with leaves 
crossing the barrier diagonally. Jump then. In the chest there are 50 jewels. Take them now, they will 
be needed, then go to the cave on the left.

The chest visible at the entrance is empty. In the second room, there is a crystal switch (do not touch 
with the vases, it is useless). Under the vase at the top left is 5 rubies, and the one on the right 1
ruby. Continue on the right, and activate the switch with a vase. The rest is linear. When you arrive 
at the trapped ground that is deporting you, take the bottom spoiler. You arrive on the other side. 
Climb the stairs, and take the 3 blue rubies. Retrace your steps, and head north. Buy the Sword for 
75 jewels (you should have 76 if you followed the steps in this guide). You are now armed to continue
the adventure.

Get out of the forge (taking the stairs and dropping from the platform to the entrance, it will be faster).
Head south without forgetting to destroy all the bushes in your path. If you want to cut bushes quickly,
face the bush line, and stay on the sword as you move forward. This avoids firing several swords for a
straight line. Continue to go south, passing in the alley between the trees. You have a chest to the 
west with 20 rubies, as well as rubies hidden behind the trees next door. Take them, and you should be 
around 50 rubies. Go back to the village, and if you do not have the 50 rubies, cut some bushes, kill 
some soldiers, and go back and forth to your house to lift the vases until you have them.

The house on the left of Link's (as a reminder, Link's has a barrier) is the store. Inside, you will 
find 3 apples for 25 jewels. Buy two (so 6 apples for 50 rubies). Do not eat them, and go to the pastry
shop, south of Link's house. Exit as soon as you enter. The pastry chef asks you to contribute 
to his apple pie by bringing him 6 apples: ideal, you have them! He gives you your first Bottle.
You must fill it, either in the fountain of the village, or in the trough in front of the pastry shop 
(nearer). Now go to Sahasrahla and talk to him. His house is on the same screen as Link's, south-west of
the store, surrounded by grass and a thick low wall. After explaining the situation, he gives you the 
World Map and authorizes you to visit his cellar.

Go down and follow the only path that presents itself to you. Cross the two rooms. You arrive in the cold
room. Use on the frozen door the water that you have recovered. It is released and allows you to recover
the Key of Earth. You can now visit the cellar of the village. Get out of the ancestor's house and head 
east after picking up the fairy in the grass north of his house (and storing it in your new bottle). This
will be a considerable advantage for the future.

If you have enough rubies, stop at the Ruby House (a sign showing which house it is) to collect a Heart
Fragment. It's the game on the far right. Find the right way to go before talking to the character, and
get to the end of the road. For information, the right path is the one on the left. Once the mini maze 
has passed, the countdown stops and you have plenty of time to push the blocks (there is only one way to
do it) and recover the money as well as the # 01 Heart Fragment.

Next to the old fountain is the entrance to the Lyriann Cave. Go ahead and use the Key of Earth. Take 
the teleporter north east of Tom and talk to him. After having made a topo, he challenges you to recover
the treasure of this cave. To do this, he lends you his Boomerang. Take the teleporter and you are again
in front of the entrance. Turn on the crystal switch, and jump into the hole from the slight outgrowth
that goes ahead. You land on the orange pads. Jump to the right and follow the only path that leads to 
a staircase leading down to the ground floor. Under the vase is a button activating the exit to the
entrance. You will not need to go through the hole to return to the teleporter of this room. Before
entering, activate the crystal switch again so that the blue pads are raised. So take the teleporter,
and take the stairs (the chest is useless, it is empty). With the Boomerang, turn on the crystal switch 
and walk up the stairs.

You can now climb on the platform to go down to -1 while being in the northern part. On the right, part 
of the ground is darker. This is the hint on the next thing to do. You have to throw the boomerang in the
direction of the crystal switch and immediately stick to the right so that at the return he activates it.
Go back to the ground floor, then go to the right in front of the first plot that you come across. You
can activate the crystal switch with your boomerang, it passes through the studs. Activate it constantly
while advancing to finally find yourself next to it. Do not go in the teleporter, it will take you back 
to the entrance and you will have to do it again!

Once next to the crystal switch, lower the orange studs, move on, then lower the bruises. Now you have 
to launch the boomerang and rush north before it reaches the teleporter to be on the blue pads before 
they go back up. Namely that during the animation where Link launches the Boomerang, you can already 
press up, it will not change direction before the boomerang is launched.

You can now go under the platform leading to the lower floor. Beware of Bubble (an invincible enemy that
will kill you), and kill all enemies. It will have to be done in each room to be able to advance. In the
second room, the Bubbles are always going in the same direction, let them go and follow them at a 
respectable distance. If you find yourself in bad shape, hide yourself near a torch, as far as possible
from the center of the room, and be ready to welcome the Popos in case (the Bubbles should not be able
to reach you). The vases in the last room contain hearts as needed. Jump in the hole.

You end up in a mini labyrinth. Take the left towards the pot, go straight to meet a cross where there
are four pots: take to the left to pass between these four pots. Before the ground becomes dark, go 
south: the north is trapped and will prevent you from passing. You can recover Heart Fragment # 02.
Return to the crossing with the four pots, and this time take a right. Do not take the teleporter and
go instead to the orange studs. Follow the wall on the left to the statue and pull it a notch. Take 
the opportunity to activate the crystal switch. You can do it either diagonally from the orange studs, 
or face it and quickly go north to climb the orange studs as they are down. Rewind way to retrieve the
chest: it contains 20 rubies.

From the junction of the four jars, go south then west straight. Another landmark is from the first pot
that you came across when you fell: from there, always walk along the wall on your left. You arrive at 
a spiraling passage (square indeed, but a spiral), and continue on the only path available. You arrive
at the last staircase leading to the Heart Container. Exit by jumping to the left, Tom automatically 
retrieves his boomerang. He promises to give you a hand when you are in need.

If you did not have enough to recover Heart Fragment # 01, you should be able to get it now. The dungeon
awaits you to the west from where you opened the chest with 20 rubies and recovered the rubies hidden
behind the trees, southwest of the village. Tom will take you down a ladder when you are in front of 
the first dungeon.

-- CHAPTER 2 -- FOREST DUNGEON (LEVEL 1)

At first, get off the platform and lift the vase in the lower left corner. The switch below will open
the door to the north. Once the door is over, it closes behind you. To reopen it, it will be necessary 
to raise the vase to the north by going up the staircase and to pass on the switch, but before lift the 
vase to your immediate right. A chest appears, giving you the Map. Then walk along the left wall,
paying attention to the holes, and go to the room to the east. Note the crack north of the wall, behind
hides the Heart Fragment # 07 that you can get as soon as you get the Bombs. Kill the Popos until you 
get a Small Key. Then go down to the entrance and turn the door on the right. In this room, kill all 
the enemies to reveal the chest containing the Compass, then go down the stairs of this same room.

Once on this new floor, clean the map but do not touch the jars that trap the Bubble. This room is about
finding a way to take the trunk located behind the three trapped soils. For this, you will have to place
the blocks so that you can not be deported from the corridor. Once the housework is finished, start by
pushing the block closest to your arrival according to the route indicated on the map. It is better to 
start by placing it on the top right of the treadmills to avoid any unfortunate blocking. Once the first 
block is placed, drag the second block into the left door. Once this new block to destination, go get the
last block in the northwestern room. Kill the Popo if you have not already done so, flip the crystal 
lever to retrieve the Crescent into the chest blocked by the blue pads, then slide the block to the vases.
There, the Bubble may be embarrassing. To minimize the breakage, it is advisable to proceed one vase 
per vase. First, remove the vase from the top left corner and place the block. Then, when the Bubble 
deviates from the path of the next vase you are aiming for, destroy the vase and quickly slide the block 
into it. He is now trapped and you can still move the block one step down (or to the right if you have
destroyed the vase at the bottom of the first one). At this point, your block is in the inner square of
the vases, in the upper left corner. The next step will force you to release the Bubble by breaking a
vase, no matter which (preferably the one on the path between the block and the door), and once the 
Bubble is released you must not be discouraged by the blows that he can give, and always push the block 
until it reaches the door. Remember that it is faster to push the block by holding the action key than
to advance. Once in the door, you are safe and you can finish the journey as with the second block. By
doing well, you can avoid the Bubble completely or get away with two shots maximum. A fairy awaits you
in a short time if you feel a little low in energy.

Once the riddle of the blocks is complete, you get the Big Key. Reactivate the crystal switch so that the
blue is up and the orange is down. The room on the right contains a switch that opens the door to the 
north on the last vase in the row. The next room contains vases with hearts and a fairy. If you can, store
the fairy, because there are enough hearts under the other vases to give you your whole life. Go to the
upper floor, then a second time. You arrive in Khorneth Hall, the mini-boss of the dungeon.

MINI-BOSS: KHORNETH
Khorneth is not a very difficult enemy. His weak points are in his wings and then his body.
Four shots at each wing, and five shots at the body will get the better of him. If you have trouble
touching it because it is constantly moving, wait for it to come to a stop to give you a wing shot: 
the magnitude of the movement means that you should be able to touch it while being far enough to dodge it.
he comes to you. Note that for the moment, its wings are insensitive to the loaded blows (they do not do
twice as much damage as it should).

Once Khorneth is destroyed, continue on the next T Hall, and fork down. The jars contain once again hearts
and fairies. Get out of the dungeon: you have Heart Fragment # 03. Then jump from the cliff to enter 
the dungeon again through the main entrance. Now you can grab the Iron Gloves in the Big Chest of the entry.
Head back to the T room on the second floor, but this time continue straight. Your mission will be to
kill all the enemies of this room. Minillosaurs may appear violent, hide in the door if you feel
overwhelmed by enemies. To destroy the last enemy (the Popo on the ledge), you have to push the block
upwards after going around the room from below, then go back to the T room to take the stairs and push
the block towards left. Once the room is cleaned, you have access to the Boss Key (lift the stones
to reach the chest). All you have to do is turn once again to the left staircase of the T-room, then
east to arrive in front of the Master of the Places door. Use the key and jump into the hole. You arrive
in front of your first boss.

BOSS: PAPILLOSAUR KING
The room is surrounded by cauliflowers that you can now wear with your Iron Gloves. The boss just walks
around the room sending his children in full pear (eggs that ensue become Minillosaurs). The goal is to 
take the cauliflowers and throw them on the King. The more damage you do him, the more he will send you
hellish spawn. One trick is to stay on one side of the room when it throws its eggs, to concentrate
the enemies in the same place, and to go to the opposite to throw the bomb, but you can also quickly
find yourself submerged by the offspring . Another possibility is not to ask questions and to send the
bomb-bombs following a precise path (for example clockwise). A last way to proceed is to kill the
Minillosaurs with great support of cauliflowers (it kills them in one shot), but you may not get away
on the end because cauliflowers take time to push back. An approved technique is to cut the grass under
his feet: the moment he throws his eggs, a small noise is heard. Just throw the package when you hear
this sound, it will prevent him from launching his offspring. Remember that you can let the fairy give
you life if you run out of hearts, allowing you to throw yourself into battle. Six bombs will be enough 
to get rid of this huge lepidopteran, but be careful with the last shot: instead of walking randomly in
the room, the King will rush on!

You have defeated this monster, you are entitled to a new Heart Container and can go and release the 
first Child of Solarus.

-- CHAPTER 3 -- THE TWIN CAVES

Return to the Cave House of Sahasrahla and lift the jars and the stone to access the Bow. You miss the
arrows, but you will find them in the bushes, the jars or by killing enemies. Get out, and go east by 
raising the stone and fall into the hole between the two caves. You are in the Cave of the Flowered Hole,
and you can catch the # 04 Heart Fragment. So you should have a new complete heart. Exit on the right, 
and go back to the entrance of the first dungeon.

To the south you will find a stone maze and two caves. Jump first from the ledge to the east entrance of 
these twin caves. In this room, go to the crystal switch on the right. Go back on the platform and jump
north. Do not worry about the chest to the west, you can only have it much later in the game (it contains
Heart Fragment # 26). Bypass the platform to the left and continue straight to access the blocks on the
right. Push the bottom one to the end of the path to free the passage to the second crystal switch. Once 
again, the chest of this room will only be accessible later, when you have the bombs: it contains 50 
rubies.

Exit the cavern and this time, enter the east entrance of the twin caves (for that you need to make 
your way through the stones, but the labyrinth is quite simple: go to the black stone, take the path
opposite and after the stone you have raised, walk along the left fence). This is a teleport maze as 
you will encounter a lot in the game. On the map, the teleporters to take are of a different color. In 
the entrance, take the one to the northwest, then the one to the left of the jar, the second from the 
right, take the contents of the jar (it contains arrows), then enter the teleporter below to the right.

You are now in the maze of treadmills. The right path is up, then to the left. So let yourself be carried
to the last teleporter (the one on the left) that brings you to the last room. This is where you need 
the bow and arrows: to activate the crystal switch protected by treadmills. You thus get the Key of Roc.
You can come out of the twin caves along the corridor to the south. The button opens the gateway to the
exit.

Return to the village (avoid raising too many stones for now, their loot will be more useful later ...) 
always staying at the top of the labyrinth: it is the most simple and fast exit. Go back to the puddle
next to the blacksmith's house, where you jumped at an angle (following the leaves) for the first time.
To the north is a closed door, which is the entrance to the second dungeon. Engulf yourself in the next 
adventure!

-- CHAPTER 4 -- ROC DUNGEON (LEVEL 2)

Go straight into the room on the left once entered the dungeon. Activate the crystal switch, and thanks
to bomb flowers, go to the other side of the studs by sending it from the blue pads, then go up as soon 
as you see a branch: the entrance to the stairs is blocked by the blue pads. Lift the two vases, under 
one of them is a switch that opens the passage to the suite. Retrace your way to the junction, take the 
stairs down a floor, you will find a chest and a clue. This chest contains 5 arrows, keep them safe if you
have not had time to recover others on the way to the dungeon, you will need 4 in not so long. Go up one
floor, then climb the stairs to the left. A chest containing 5 rubies is there. Jump from the ledge that 
you released through the switch earlier, and follow the only possible passage.

Under the Savior-Husband will always find an arrow, if you miss it you know where to come. Be careful to
throw bombs off, they explode on the low walls. The fourth pot contains a small key. Activate the
crystal switch to lower the blue pads, then choose either use the bombs or an arrow to redo the
blue pads while you're on it. Then send an arrow and go quickly to the right as soon as the arrow is 
drawn to find you on the orange studs as they are down: they will go back at the same time, freeing access 
to the stairs. The Skeletor on the upper platform has a Small Key. Come down from this platform and go to
the stairs at the top left of the room (you have to activate the switch from the orange pads, and to 
return you will need an arrow). He will take you to a small room with the Dungeon Map.

Turn back and go under the platform where the Skeletor is. As you can see on the map, you can access 
Heart Fragment # 05 by walking around the bottom and lifting a pot (watch the Action button to see when
it goes to "Lift"), then go back down the hill. the right wall. You arrive at a chest containing a third
Small Key. By pushing the blocks (the one from the top to the right, the one from the left to the bottom
and the one from the right to the right) you can go back to the entrance. You will use your three keys at
once: go straight up and remove the locked block, go through the locked door (westward), and still the 
second door locked (northward). In the next room you have two Cyclops statues. Uncheck two arrows in each 
one, alternating between the statue on the right and the one on the left to reveal a staircase to the north
and then a door on the east. Go east first: you get the Big Key of the dungeon. Then go down the stairs
discovered a few seconds before.

You are now in a very big room. First go straight south to get the Compass in a chest, then go to the 
next intersection next to the jar, behind the two rows of different colored blocks. The orange pads must
be lowered. Uncheck an arrow and go down immediately: the orange studs get up while you're on it. You can
now move to the next room with the Big Key. In this room, follow the figures in the image opposite, or 
the arrow in the overall map. If no image is displayed, here is the order to follow:
                                                                                    6 2 5
                                                                                    3 4 1

Activating the buttons in the right order gives you access to the Boss Key. To retrieve it, head north 
and walk along the wall on the right. Once in possession of this key, leave this floor to the north. You
arrive in the mini-boss room.

MINI-BOSS: KHOTOR
Khotor is not so dangerous. Watch his plague, and when it is shorten attack him with the sword. He also 
fears vase throwing and arrows. Six shots will be needed, knowing that the sword for this particular enemy
is doing as much damage as a mudshot. The arrows are quite inefficient: the damage is halved on him, 
so you'll need twelve arrows to shoot him down if you only use the bow.

A fairy rewards you for your victory, take it and head east. A Grand Chest is offered to you, containing
the Boots of Pegasus. Depending on the version of the game, you do not have to equip it to run: stay on
the space bar or the action key (used to speak) to light up like lightning. This technique makes you
generally invincible, and you do as much damage as a cyclone attack, it is very important for bosses.
Jump into the hole, you land north of the huge hall on the lower floor. Head south, and turn on the 
crystal switch to the west to lower the orange pads before returning to the jar. This time, take the jar
and discard it to avoid any discomfort. On the same line of tiles as the jar, post against the right wall
to give you more room to maneuver, face west (the crystal switch). Shoot an arrow, and run immediately 
south. Do not hesitate to start pressing down while animating the arrow, it will be pulled in the right 
direction anyway. As soon as Link can move, use the Pegasus Boots. You should bounce off the south wall
when the orange studs come up. The way is now free to open the second chest: the Big Bag of Ruby (can 
contain up to 300 rubies).

Go back to the entrance, for that use the bombs on the crystal switch when you are on the blue pads
(or a sword stroke placed at the pixel can do the trick), then take the stairs to north of the room. 
Retract the rooms that were locked in the opposite direction, and you're back to where you started. You
can now explore the northern part of this floor. Turn on the switch behind the orange studs, as the blue
studs should be down for the next puzzle. Then kill the enemies on the road north of the entrance so as 
not to be embarrassed, then while running go on the switch on the ground. It will open a passage to the 
north (the key is speed), normally without interrupting your run. Avoid bouncing, this would save you
time, so when you get to the end of each straight line, use the arrow keys to the next direction. This
will have the effect of stopping net Link's race. This timed pass being eight seconds, a single race
(without a rebound against the wall) may be enough to finish it, but you can do up to three races if you
want to play safety. You arrive on the last puzzle, but first of all get the last chest containing 20 
jewels: you will soon need it. To turn back, under the jar you have a button that constantly opens the
way to the north (you avoid retyping the race).

Here, you must be able to reach the crystal switch from the passage between the blue and orange pads next 
to the hole. To do this, move the left statue to the left, but to get there you must first move the statue
on the right: the image opposite represents the intermediate step and you have the arrows on the global 
map to better anticipate the movements, but for a textual description, here it is: first you have to pull
the statue on the right up three plots, then a notch on the left, then you have to pull a notch the statue
of left, push it one more step up, then place it all to the left. You will be able to pass thanks to the
small passage without stud in this mini labyrinth (one arrives at the configuration of the image). The
problem is that the statue on the right is now on the path of the arrow, so it must be brought back to
its original position. Once done, place yourself under the third orange pad from the right, and shoot an
arrow to the south. The switch activates, leaving you access to the Boss. So jump in the hole and follow
the only path available while recovering the fairies en route. Stand in the center of the boss room to 
make it appear.

BOSS: PHOENIX
It is an opponent a little more difficult than the first Boss because of his agility. He flies erratically
in the room, and he must be shot arrows in the legs. Ammunition appears along the path around the room,
the catch is that these bridges collapse as soon as you walk. Only the path to the south never collapses.
Remember that running makes you temporarily invincible, allowing you to cross enemies and bosses without
taking any damage (but beware of rebounds on the walls!). Ammunition appears in sets of four, one at each
"corner" of the road. The Phoenix can also send you fireballs ending in an incandescent pool. Eight arrows
will eventually burn the wings of this doomed bird, giving you a new Heart Container and opening access 
to a new Solarus Child (the door is to the south).

-- CHAPTER 5 -- FROM DARKNESS TO LIGHT

The goal is now to reach 160 jewels to buy the Lantern, because the purse can now exceed 100 rubies. If you
followed my advice, you should have at least around 100 rubies (do not forget to destroy all the vases, 
mow and harass the enemies even if you have already beaten them during your adventure). To complete your 
fortune, return to the maze of stone south of the first dungeon, where the twin caves are. Lift all the 
stones, and you should have at least a little sixty extra rubies (there are 3 red rubies in the various
cul-de-sacs). Keep in mind that Pegasus Boots can trim hedges very quickly and that a running shot equals
two normal shots, to kill enemies faster. To the south-west of this labyrinth is a chest with 50 jewels
(we think we can access it only by lifting the black stone, but by raising the natural stone on the right,
we can walk along the trees and access them). If you still do not have enough, go home and open the chest
to the right of your room, it contains 50 rubies.

Buy the Lantern, and first, head for the fountain north of the village (remember the Cave of Lyriann?) 
Walk along the cliff, pass the first cave with the laser, do the zig-zag trees and you there are). Light 
up all the lanterns here, then talk to the enchanting vision that has just appeared. She gives you the
Super Boomerang. With your new acquisition, return to the entrance of the second dungeon you just finished.
Do you remember the cornice across? Walk down to the right. You have two holes that prevent you from
moving forward, but position yourself below the one on the left, and throw the boomerang upward as you 
hurry to go to the right. This technique allows you to have access to Heart Fragment # 06 much earlier
in the adventure, which should not be available until you have recovered the fifth dungeon. Go back to 
the west of the village, where you had recovered the Fragment of Heart # 04 in a hole (the Cave of the 
Flowered Hole). Enter the northern cave.

As for the fairy fountain, turn on the braziers: the door opens. Continue climbing, and open the chest:
it contains the Bag of Bombs. You are now ready for ... Collect even more heart fragments! First go down
one floor, then put the bomb on the cracked ground (you can also recover it and calculate the bomb throw
so that it explodes faster.To do this, stick to the north wall and throw it away. bomb to the cracked
ground, it will explode in the right place). Go back to your house, and blow the wall on the right
(get the money back from the chest if you have not already done so). At the end of the small passage is 
a chest with a new Heart Fragment (# 08). Now, go back to the first dungeon. Do you remember the inverted
C-shaped room (north and then east of the entrance)? North of this room, the wall is cracked. You will 
find Heart Fragment # 07, the last of this chapter. Thanks to the trick of boomerang, you are now decked
with a new heart to go to the assault of the third dungeon.

Exit the dungeon and head north (bypassing the forest dungeon to the left). You arrive in front of the
telepathic cabin, continue slightly to the north and put a bomb at the cracked rocks. The entrance is
now cleared.

-- CHAPTER 6 -- MASTER ARBROR'S DEN (LEVEL 3)

You are now in the den of Master Arbror, a dungeon that begins to become more complex compared to previous.
It consists of five floors (actually four, the latter provides no enigma and serves mainly transition),
including one completely immersed in the dark and labyrinthine. Fun in perspective!

Start by exploring the room where you arrived. You are quickly more or less restricted in your exploration
possibilities: all doors are closed or water / vacuum prevents you from progressing. Lift the only 
available skull in the entrance hall to discover a button that opens the door just to the right. Enroll
in this new room and go down into the muddy pit (beware of Bubble): lift the skull at the bottom right
of the square to retrieve a Small Key, go up and shoot an arrow in the eye of the statue to empty the
water in the basin of the entrance. You now have access to the crystal switch. This opens the way to the
next room where you have to go.

Beware of Bubble, which will never stop tormenting you. In this room, you should turn on all torches in
less than 8 seconds. To do this, empty first any possible obstacle on your way, namely all the skulls, 
and start with the torch in the small narrow room, then follow clockwise. Do not forget to run between 
the first two and the last three, and use a directional pad to stop your run without banging against a 
wall, saving you precious seconds. Even if you get hit by the Bubble mid-race, keep calm and everything
should succeed. This opens the door on the left, but before going explore the north-east exit. Climb to 
the first floor and kill all the enemies to unlock access to the room to the south with the two cyclops 
statues. You are used to now, plant an arrow in each of them to empty the water that prevented you from 
accessing the trunk next to the torch room.

Return to the torch room, make a small detour through the pond that you have just emptied to the east, and 
recover the Map, then go into the room you opened with the torch lighting. It is the link with the main
room on the first floor. Follow the only path of this room (you can first destroy the skulls in front of 
the peaks, but this will be discouraged later) to arrive at a choice between a path surrounded by low walls
leading you to full teleporters or follow the outside passage . Follow the outside passage. As you can 
see, the skull next to the chest opens the way to the safe, while the chest at the end of the path opens 
a shortcut to the stairs taken a few moments ago. Now that the passage is open, return to the level of 
the road surrounded by low walls, and engulf you in the teleporters. By going all the time on the 
teleporter on the left, you arrive safely, but a shortcut allows you to dodge a few: count two teleports
and take the teleporter on the right instead of going to the left. All you have to do is jump into the
last teleporter on the left to access the corridor at the end of which is the Compass. Retrace your steps,
enter the only teleporter accessible to return to the beginning of the path. Exit the room by the stairs
to the north, next to the button opening the secret passage. You go to the second floor, the one plunged
into darkness.

Use the map to find your way, but although this maze may seem disturbing at first glance, it is actually 
quite simple to master. For starters, we will recover the Heart Fragment immediately. To do this, walk 
along the right wall until you come to a place where there are five parallel paths going to the left.
It should be known that on these five paths, the three of the top are cul-de-sac. So take the second
from the bottom (the bottom one will be used a little later), and follow the only path available despite 
all small impasses. The rule of labyrinths (always follow the same wall) can apply on this one. Try to
always go down and to the left, in priority on the left if you have the opportunity. After a while, you
will come to the skull that interests us and opens the way to the Fragment. Retrace your way to the 
entrance (so all in all: always go up and to the right following the wall glued to the skull to the 
five paths, then follow the right wall to the top). Now follow the big left wall until you come across
a door. In front of this door, a passage between the low walls: follow it to reach Heart Fragment # 09.

Go back to the big wall (no need to go to the north room, it's a cul-de-sac) and follow it until you reach
the stairs leading down. Light, finally, all this darkness became a little oppressive. Follow the corridor
and shoot in the eye of each of the statues. The one on the right empties the basin giving you a Small Key,
the left opens the shortcut to the "main" side of the room. Return to the labyrinth of the second floor,
if possible by the first staircase you have taken to get there (next to the shortcut button, north of the
main room). Return to the junction of the five parallel paths and take the one at the bottom. Once again,
only one path will be effective, so you will not be able to lose yourself (always walk the same wall if
you have doubts), as soon as you meet the main wall of the room, walk up to arrive at the locked door.
Open it, and lay a bomb on the cracked ground on the left. As for the first time you did this, if you
find the bomb explosion time too long, stick to the wall and throw it to the cracked ground, it will
explode in the right place. Jump in the hole, and recover the Big Key. Jump the cornice, go up to the
second floor, and this time out the door to the southeast (in front of the stairs by which you arrive).
Continue your way taking care of the enemies, and take the stairs to the left of the last room to go to
the third floor. Follow the only path available, taking care of the Bubble and the Spades to get to the
door of the mini-boss.

MINI-BOSS: MOWATULLA
Mowatulla is a mini boss quite hard to reach: only his head fears your shots. Be careful, because he spits
his offspring quite often, and his jumps have (for now) no shadow, it is quite difficult to gauge its
distance. Consider these jumps as quick moves on the ground, to help you see a possible dodge. You can
run on him (he is very vulnerable when he lets go of his cubs because he stops, and with your race you 
are invincible in addition to double the damage). A technique is also to corner him on one side, being 
lower than him, and wait for him to jump: a well placed arrow will cut him in his tracks and it is possible
to chained him with other arrows. You will need eight sword shots to kill him (so 4 arrows and 4 charges).

As usual, a fairy will reward your efforts, and access to the room on the right opens. Go to the hole and
jump happily, because you fall again in the dark floor, at the Big Chest. Open it (the entrance to
access it is at the top of the room) and you get the Hookshot. These expanses of emptiness and water will
no longer be an obstacle to you! Exit on the left (the switch is under the skull to the southwest), you're
back in the huge labyrinth that you should begin to know. Walk along the south wall until you reach the 
switch that opened you to Heart Fragment # 09. Return to the entrance (for the most impatient, save & reload)
dungeon. So: exit north of the labyrinth, then shortcut to the stairs with the switch activated much
earlier, and you're back on the ground floor.

We will begin by crossing the void that is in front of the main entrance. Use the grapple on the blocks in 
front, but you will notice that the path is blocked by water. Go to the upper floor. Push the first block 
to the right, then the second to the bottom, explode the last block and shoot into the statue. The water 
is now emptied. Return to this pool, and cross again to climb to the top floor from the northernmost exit
of this floor. You notice here a button surrounded by low wall on the right, and a typical chest floor to
appear. Do not worry, we'll come back to it, but much later (after the seventh dungeon). For the moment,
continue your climb of three more stages, until you leave the dungeon in fact. You are now on the
treetops, take Heart Fragment # 10 and jump into the hole on the left. You land next to Boss' Key
safe on the second floor. All the elements are now available to go beating Master Arbror. The button 
to open the door is on the skull to the northwest. Go back to the entrance (go down two floors, then
south), and finally enter the room on the left, available from the beginning but useless until then.

Cross the expanse of water thanks to the grapple, in the next room you can fly over the trapped slabs 
thanks to your grapple, then clear your way (platform of right, then of left and to finish that of the top)
over the void to access the last staircase of this floor. Note that it is useless to fall into the hole 
of the first floor. Continue climbing until you reach the boss's door. Do not fall on the second floor, 
you should go back to the labyrinth (you remember the door that led to a cul-de-sac - that's where you 
would be).

BOSS: MASTER ARBROR
Master Arbror is a particularly difficult boss if we do not fight fast enough on him. Its principle is very
simple: roots / arms come out of the ground, and will do everything to rot your life. So you have to
immobilize them with the grappling hook, but be careful: even if you immobilize them for the first time,
they will only be immobilized for a short period of time (as for any enemy), and they do not remain all
the time. time in the open air. At first, it only has three hands coming out of the ground, once they 
are all immobilized, the main trunk becomes vulnerable to your attacks. The problem is that the number
of roots to be immobilized increases as his health decreases. Given that he must be given eight shots 
to kill him, I advise first to immobilize his three hands and give him three strokes of swords. With the
health that remains, he will launch his maximum of 6 hands, but they will be relatively slow (because the
speed of the hands also increases as his life decreases). As soon as his six hands are immobilized,
attack him as much as possible and harass him (never let go of the high key because there is a recoil 
at each shot), and you should kill him at once. If you fail, get ready to live hell on Earth ... Another
technique is to shoot him directly at its first opening four arrows: the size of the boss that all will 
touch despite its mini lapse of time invincibility, and you will kill him without trouble. Stuff the arrow
button and everything will be fine.

Once defeated, you can recover the Heart Container and access the third Child of Solarus. For a quick
recap, you should have at this stage of the adventure 9 complete hearts and two fragments.

-- CHAPTER 7 -- THE SIGNS OF MADNESS

With the Hookshot, new horizons are offered to you. Start by going to buy the Apple Pie at the village
pastry shop for 35 rubies. Buy healing items or ammo until you have less than 200 rubies, so you can
collect 100 Rubies from a safe in Hyrule Castle (this is your last chance to visit before you history does
not make it different ...). It is in the dungeons (the entrance is to the right of the castle, under the
last bush of a series of four). Bomb the south wall and you will access this famous chest.

Before entering the next dungeon, you can only stay with around 230 rubies, which will be ample. Now that 
you are ready, go to the extreme south-east of the map, to the lake shop. For this, from the bakery, go 
to the screen at the bottom, then right, follow the dirt road to the south and east until you get to
four holes forming a square. Here, cross through the grapple, recover the chest on the left (20 rubies),
cross the bridge, enter the shop, go to the room north, destroy the wall, exit, and finally lift the
stone blocking the passage to the chest containing Heart Fragment # 11. Use the grapple to find yourself
on the right side, then go see the grandfather in front of the locked house. Give him the Apple Pie, and
he will open you to the house of the signs. If you played the game on Gameboy (Link's Awakening), you
will roll in fetal position remembering painful memories.

The goal is simple, just read the signs and follow the directions. Here is the path given:
right, up, left, up, left, up, right, down, right, up, right, down, right, up, left, down, right, up,
left, up, right, up, left, down, left, up, right, down, right, up, right, end.

Here are some practical tips. In the first place, destroy all the grass: it will slow you down and it will 
make you more tired than anything else (you will recover from the blow, with one stone two shots). Second
advice (advice can be taken separately, it is not an obligation): destroy the signs after each reading.
A sign can not be reused, and if you have the opportunity to avoid confusion, put the odds on your side.
In addition, it can open you shortcuts to do that. If you do not survive, follow the map with the reading
order of the signs. And when a sign says a direction, you must take the same line as the sign, so the new
sign is not related to your place but to the sign itself. After reading all the panels in the correct 
order, you get the Gold Bars.

Get out and cross the ravine on the right. Continue a little north, three stones block access to a cave.
This is the lair of Billy the Bold. Enter, and do not break especially the vase (it will be useful to 
leave). Cling to the chest that you can not open for now, and give the ingots to the one-eyed. He will 
provide you with Edelweiss. Use the vase to start again (you can break it now, hooligan band). Return to
the entrance of the first dungeon, and continue west to see a small hill. Plant the Edelweiss at the top,
jump into the hole and follow the only path available in the shade (going up, you have to go twice up,
then left, and up) and you can finally go out to the north to enter the fourth dungeon.

-- CHAPTER 8 -- BEAUMONT PALACE (LEVEL 4)

This dungeon is much simpler in appearance than the first, it is only on two floors, but they are two 
floors with a lot of labyrinths, small traps and passages between the constant stages. The first main room
is a huge maze of stairs and holes. For more readability on the map, the first room takes up all of this
labyrinth (the inner side of the room).

Start by falling into the left hole. Climb the only possible staircase, you arrive in front of a chest 
of 50 rubies. Fall in the second hole, going up the stairs you go back to the entrance. This time, drop 
into the right hole on the main platform, and before doing anything go to the left under the platform to 
recover Heart Fragment # 12. You should have your tenth heart. For the continuation, follow the indications
well because the least error generally means: return to the entry. Fall on the right side of the hole.
Take the first staircase (the lower one), and then drop into the hole on the north side. Now follow the
path to the south and you arrive in the continuation of the dungeon.

Go to the next room, there are 20 trapped slabs waiting for you. Little trick: put yourself against
the south door, and pull your grapple as soon as the slab enters your field of vision or when it moves 
if it is already visible. This allows you to have a small invincibility that should get you through the 
room without much trouble. Another technique is to stuff the touch of attack: the sword blows explode 
the slabs flying before they touch you (you can also leave your sword drawn). Otherwise, you can always
run in a circle. Choose the method that suits you best. In the next room is a huge labyrinth. Your first
goal is to reach the teleporter north of the room (under the central stairlift).

For this, from the entrance, take the first entrance on the left and then follow the path from the top. You
arrive in a trap room, with slabs invisible buttons. The path is rather linear, only the southern slab
could be disturbing: it shows a wall instead of making one disappear. It is therefore necessary from the
wall to walk again without exceeding it (go there at once) so that the wall disappears and immediately
change direction to go towards this new passage (or conversely, when you arrive from the "normal" path,
from that the wall appears, turn around and go back on the slab: the wall will disappear). Under the vase
is a Small Key. Return to the teleporter, you're back in the middle of the maze. Now you have to access 
the door at the top right of the room ...

Head to the right until you reach the main wall of the room, then follow the right wall to the north.
You will arrive at the right staircase. Climb, and open the locked door. Here you have no choice at the
teleporter level, you must always go to the right. When the next teleporter is on the left (just south 
of where you entered), leave a bomb against the wall, on the same vertical line as the cracked rock below.
Open the chest after dynamiting the rock in question, and you access the Big Key (do not worry about 
the Map and the Compass, you will recover them very quickly).

Retrace your steps until you take a non blue but yellow teleporter. You arrive at the edge of the 
labyrinth of the entrance. Here, a clue tells you what you will need to use your plan to discover the 
flaw you have just created to recover the Big Key. Keep going and turn on the crystal switch to the 
north to make it blue. Continue to the next teleporter (do not worry about the safe for now, you can only
get it after having the subject of the next dungeon). You came back to the room just before the blue 
teleporters. Go back down. Now, you will first have to go to the leftmost staircase of the labyrinth (but
not the stairs below).

Return to the big intersection of this labyrinth, next to the vase on the right. Take the path back to the
North Teleporter, but instead of rushing into this path, take the one south and walk along the south wall
all the way. If you go constantly left taking the north teleporter path, it works too, but it's a bit
longer. Climb the stairs, follow the only path available, get the Compass and go to the room to the east.
Kill the enemies of this room (watch out for the spades, the enemies have a recoil on you) and use the 
Big Key to open the access to the Big Chest. The small chest contains 3 Bombs, and you now have the
Blue Tunic protecting you from the cold. Next step: the central staircase of the labyrinth.

So go back to the main junction of the labyrinth, and this time take the north path, just to the right of
the one leading you to the teleporter. Climb the stairs, and you have no choice to continue south on the
treadmills twice. The crystal switch you activated is used to continue your way here, so take a right 
from the blue stud, and open the chest to get the Map (definitely, everything has been done in
the opposite direction here!). Place a bomb at the intersection of the four vaults visible from this 
room, and you will open the passage allowing you to access the teleporter of the cold room of the dungeon.
Use your grapple to access one of the platforms on the side of the chest, then use the grappling hook 
on the chest to get the Boss Key.

Now you have to go to the only maze staircase you have not visited yet: the one all the way west, after
the small staircase. For this, always walk along the south wall from the entrance of the labyrinth. You
will eventually access this exit. Enjoy the fairy just before the boss room, and attack.

BOSS: FLORA GOHMA
Another plant. Like Master Arbror, she mostly fears the grappling hook. Be careful, because it always
spawns enemies on the ground, killing them is useless (they have a chance on two to give you a heart). At
first, you must get rid of its petals around its moving eye, all thanks to the grapple. There is no real
trick, especially some agility. Once all petals are removed, Flora Gohma becomes susceptible to normal
attacks. Only his eye is sensitive, so it must be attacked from the top of the room, because its
tentacles will touch you before you can kick from the sides. Three strokes of grapple per petal, and
twelve strokes of swords will be necessary to overcome this flowery cyclops. His death automatically 
leads to the death of his subjects. If possible, rather paralyze the snapdragons instead of killing them:
they stop appearing to a certain number, so you do not get overwhelmed too quickly ...

Once defeated, you can recover the Heart Container and access the last Child of Solarus. An old 
acquaintance appeals to you. After the little discussion that follows (and the good old Machiavellian 
laugh proper to any good villain), leave the Palace and go to the south of the dark room following the
only stairs available to go out in the open. What a change of scenery, is it not?

-- CHAPTER 9 -- AN IMPRESSION OF DEJA-VU

Coming out of Beaumont Hill, you discover with astonishment that Agahnim was not idle during your brief
interlude in the Palace. Indeed, you are now neither more nor less than in the Dark World so dear to the
corrupt heart of Ganon. Try to fill your purse thoroughly, because you will need it very quickly. If you
still do not have enough and you have not recovered the chest of the Twin Caverns (behind the boulder
block, containing 50 jewels) or that of the passage south of the Hill of Beaumont (100 Rubies), make
there a detour. Once your 300 rubies in your pocket, go to the village and buy the Giant Ruby Bag. You
have a capacity of 999 rubies now. If you like the risk and hack a path, go to the adjacent Cave of the
Lyriann Cave. You will see a very thin bridge and a laser that happens to you constantly. If you are
skilled enough, you can pass it. For this, use your grapple as soon as the laser is on you. Thanks to 
this brief moment of invincibility, a skill of tightrope walker and especially a little practice, you will
arrive at the other end of the bridge (this is not the traditional method to obtain the objects of this 
cellar, know it! ). You can open the treasure chest of 300 Rubies as well as the one containing the 
Bone Key, an enigmatic object that haunts the dreams of many players.

If you have managed to recover the sub of the cellar, the result will be greatly facilitated, because
expensive purchases are waiting for you, although optional. At first, save to buy the most important, 
namely a Heart Fragment (which will be unveiled a little later, after the dungeon 6). Then, for my taste,
it is better then to invest in the quiver and only later in the bombs, because the bombs are much less
useful than the arrows for certain passages. So much for the list of races that awaits you.

Now you have to go to the next dungeon. Problem: you need to get the Flippers. For this, go to the Ruby House
in Lyriann. She is completely in ruins. The leaders tell you that the thugs who committed this
abomination went to hide in the Blacksmith's cave. Go beat them, there will be in all 32 Blue Bulblins.
A trick to kill them in a very simple way is to hide in the doors between the rooms, to throw the
boomerang once they are grouped, and to charge them. Once you have taught them a lesson, go back to 
the Ruby House. To thank you, one of the managers offers you the Flippers.

Leave now for Hyrule Castle, going north of the village from the Blacksmith Cave. As you can see, the
bridge that brings us there is no longer, and now the castle is on an island. Dive into the water and
follow the cliff to the north to reach a huge waterfall. Enter the central waterfall and go to the 
bottom of the room to collect the second Bottle. Get out and continue around the island until you
reach the pontoon leading to the castle entrance. The main gate of the castle is closed, so you must go
through the secret entrance of the dungeons (under the last bush to the right of the castle). Follow
the path to the north, climb another floor and exit. Ironically, you're in the next boss room, but you
do not know it yet. Go to the base of the T that forms the roof of the castle to inspect the barrel, 
and enter it. You are expelled on the island in front of the entrance. Activate the crystal switch, and
dive to the left while recovering Heart Fragment # 13. Go back on the pontoon, you now have access to 
the next dungeon, the Castle of Hyrule.

-- CHAPTER 10 -- HYRULE CASTLE (LEVEL 5)

This dungeon is a bit special because it requires some phases of infiltration (which is not necessarily
easy when you're a nag like Link busier mowing the garden than going into a stealth strategy ... 
Fortunately, the guards also dried up the surveillance formations a bit, so that should be fine). If
during these phases of infiltration, you are spotted, you land directly in the dungeon, forcing you to
retype all the way you had done, in addition to having to find a way out of the dungeon at first glance. 
I will explain here the detail of the dungeon, so we get rid of it. First of all, the door of your cell
gives way when you examine it a little too much (the first time, the following times it gives away). 
Then, the doors connecting the various rooms of the first basement are randomly open, so that the path 
to escape is potentially never the same (although there are not so many variants that). There is the
Dungeon Map in the room south of the cell on the left, just down the stairs behind the guards to reach it. 
The most difficult is the last room (mandatory) to go out, because it contains two black guards (the famous
guards who stop instead of typing) that cross ... We must choose one of the guards and follow him as 
close as possible to reach the north exit. A little training and it should pass. Note that it is in this
room that will appear the chest containing the Key of the Boss of the Dungeon, but I will return to it.

Let's start with the beginning. The chest at the entrance gives you 100 rubies. On the right is a chest 
with the Compass. Go down one floor and kill the guards. Blue has a Small Key. Return to the entrance by
killing the blue guard on the floor to open the door, and turn left of the entrance. Open the door, kill
the guards and light the torches. Take the stairs to the north in the great room with the torches, and go
up one floor. Here is THE relook passage of this dungeon. A go will be fine, but the return will be much
more complex, more because of a lack of reference than anything else. As soon as you are in the room, go
immediately sticking in the upper left corner of it. This is one of the few really secure points. You're
going to have to do some kind of S, passing behind the left of the first torch, sticking to that torch
and shifting to the right wall when the guard is going down, and then quickly go south and finally go out
on the left. Once in the room of the crystal switch below, you are safe. For the moment.

The crystal switch must be blue. Take the south staircase, kill the guard, shoot an arrow in the eye of 
the statue, and push the block at the bottom, right, bottom, right against the second jar (free the 
passage by breaking the first ), up to the torch, on the left, pause by lighting all the torches to
open the passage, and reassemble the block as far north as possible. Activate the crystal switch so that
it is red, push the block to the right, then up to position it on the orange pad, and push it to the
right so that it is a notch before the arrows (attention, do not push it to the end or you will have to
go down one floor and come back to start all over again ...). Go around the room from below, then finally
push the block to the south to be able to pass over the arrows without being deported. A new block is
waiting for you. Push it all the way down, then three notches to the right (to be able to pass behind
from the same zone), one notch to the left, to the south, to the right, to the north to the vase, then
to the right, a notch down and finally right. Stick to the wall just above the arrows to the south of
the room, and lay a bomb. She will be deported, and will drop the block a floor lower. You can now leave.

To leave without being caught by the guard, the key is speed and accuracy. Hide behind the torch in the 
south or south-east corner closest to the staircase flush with the guard's round, and as soon as the guard
has passed you by going north, turn on. The path is the same, ie between the torch on the right and the
wall, go up to the corner of the wall, go left and go up. You are safe, but the key is the liveliness of
execution. Go back to the spot where you lit the torches next to the entrance, enter through the door that
it had opened, and throw your boomerang against the crystal switch (if you do not have direct access) to 
unlock access to the small room above. Turn on the crystal switch, and put a bomb on the red crystal switch 
to turn blue once you have passed the two rows of orange pads. You have time, do not stress with the
Pegasus Boots. Be careful here, because there is another black guard ... Go first along the south wall 
by destroying the vases (normal that it does not make react the guard), then the wall is. In the mini-room
to the north, you can use the grappling hook to retrieve the Big Key from the trunk. Return to the room
with the black guard (any arrow takes you there, the fastest is the one on the right), and go straight 
to the west. You are back in the small room with the two crystal switches. Small shortcut you avoid risks,
put back spades and go into the wall next to the door. The rebound makes you go on the right side.

Continue west and then north through the gate with the Great Lock. Go up one floor, follow the corridor 
until you reach the room with the red carpet and the six giant pots. Here, start along the pots to the 
left, continue to go around the bottom, then go back to the right to finally get back to your starting 
point, all without ever going to the center of the pots (otherwise you have to start again). You unlock
the hidden chest of the basement. The problem is that you can not go back (except by a save + quit, but
you will have to make this passage to get the equipment of this dungeon anyway). To the right of this
room is a chest. Use the usual movement (the one on the top right and the middle one on the bottom) to 
access it. With this Small Key, open the door to the south. In the next room beware of spades, they will
clash when you pass. Use the Pegasus Boots from the red carpet to pass safely. Follow the only path 
available through outdoor balcony. Here, take the north path teleporter, then go to the left to reach
the only teleporter available (you can also access it from the teleporter of the right corridor at the 
entrance, it is the closest to you in this case) you should be in the small square at the top right of 
the room, only one teleporter is accessible, then take the way down to reach the last teleporter. You 
have no choice on the last one, and you are now in front of the Big Chest. Using the Feather, jump 
into the far right teleporter, then over the teleporter to the south (or use the Boomerang) to reach
# 14 Heart Fragment. Take this teleporter and you are at the entrance of the labyrinth. You can now 
turn back.

Once in the large pot room, slide the blocks to the left (against the central pot), then to the north and
then to the left (making sure you have left room to slip between the north wall and the block). Use the
torch on the right to better wedge the block, and put a first block against the second arrow, and the 
second block against the fourth arrow. You can now jump to the left, using the blocks to not be deported.
The easiest now is to get stopped, it will allow you to explore more easily the basement. As I said in
the introduction, here you will have to find your way to the exit. The room where the two black guards 
meet is the room where the Master's Key is. To recover it, you must follow the guard from the bottom 
going to the right as soon as they crossed each other. Retrieve the key, and return to the cracked wall.
Wait until they iron, and this time follow it to the shelter on the right of the room. Once the one 
coming against you has passed you, continue north and exit to take back the main entrance of the castle.
A great speed can allow you to go directly from the crack towards the north and towards the exit before
the guard coming against you points out. Return to the room with the two crystal switches, this time you
can cut through the pen to go right. Open the door of the Boss, and go up the floors until you reach 
the roof of the castle.

BOSS: AGAHNIM
That good old Agahnim. His tactics remain the same as all previous clashes. He will send you fireballs at 
first, play tennis with him until he takes it. Sometimes he will add to the game by adding explosive balls
(they are blue instead of red), then he will send three in a row. With each rebound of his projectiles,
their speed increases, continue to send them back until he abandons the fight. Two fairies will not be
too much to help you, especially since the automatic restoration of hearts can help by avoiding having 
to think about healing. He gets angry after five balls of fire sent back into his head, and you will have
to send him a total of ten times his spells. It is necessary to be placed approximately in the center 
of the T to make effective referrals, in particular to the nearest of him and to stuff the blows of sword
when the balls are in number of 3 (if not, to stay with just the sword unsheathed in Agahnim face works).
For the blue balls, stay away from him while staying well in line of sight compared to his aim. The
balls bounce symmetrically, and the fewer balls you start out anyway, the better you'll be. The balls
disappear after a certain number of rebounds, hence the importance of being far away (so that they all
go in the same direction before you dodge them) and do it in a straight line. Good luck.

Once defeated, you can recover the Heart Container and continue your journey. Attention, if you leave the
game here, the next backup will make you reappear on the roof: enter and leave the dungeon before saving 
to properly initialize your point of return.

-- CHAPTER 11 -- DARKNESS AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL

This is THE passage that has caused a lot of gamers, and maybe the reason for your presence on this guide. 
How to reach the next dungeon? For that, you will have to pass three tests, in increasing order of 
difficulty. Thanks to the maps provided here, you should not have too many problems. As always, I will also
guide textually for those who like to print guides without images.

At first, thanks to the Feather, you now have access to many new areas, but strangely you will only have one 
Heart Fragment to find. Start by heading to the village. Do you remember when you sent the boomerang to 
recover Heart Fragment # 06 (north of the village, east of the second dungeon)? Go back and get the
Fragment if you did not do it with the boomerang. Jump over the holes, and enter the cave on the next
screen. Here is the Trial of the River.

Lift the left jar and press the button. The pit fills with water. Continue north to the inside of the 
second pit, turn the knob to the left, return to the block and push it to the right. Follow the only path
to the north then under the second jar from the top is a button. Once activated, follow the new path 
available up to a batch of three jars. Under the first one (the one on the left), a button to activate 
to fill the right basin. Continue to the block allowing you to empty the previous basin, go down in it
to push a block again. Fill the basin again with the north block, then return to the three jars to take 
the north path. The block at the end of this path empties the basin before the three jars, giving you 
access to the last button on this floor. Once active, refill this pool (you will need it to get out), and
walk down the wall to the east to reach the stairs to the second basement.

From the entrance of this floor, the two jars hide a button: activate them to fill the two adjacent basins
and push the block to the south to empty the basin to the east. Under the jar of said basin is a button.
Then return to the entrance to push the block and refill the basin to the button. Push the block at the 
end of the right path to empty the water to the west, providing access to a new button. Once this button 
is activated, go back to the end of the path is to fill the basin and can continue. On the right of the 
west road is the jar to fill the next basin, and you have only to continue to the chest containing the 
Fire Stone # 1. For information, it was the longest, but the least difficult labyrinths.

Now go back to the entrance and go to the cave before the entrance to the Beaumont Palace. You can make
a detour through the dungeon to recover the chest surrounded by a spiky ground, it contains 100 rubies.
Just before the actual entrance to the Beaumont Palace is an entrance to the left, behind a ravine
of medium size. Get close to the edge of this ravine and jump over it. You arrive in hell arrows. Your 
goal here is to recover all the chests you will find, as they will contain the keys allowing you to move 
forward. The first chest (north of the entrance) gives you the choice between two paths: a complex and a
more "simple". Use your key on the south block and not the one on the west. It's now that things are
getting slightly complicated.

A small apartment if you have already made a mistake and you have opened the left block, do not panic: take
the first arrow, jump upwards, then a jump to the right. You will arrive at the "exit" key on the normal
path, which will allow you to get in as you have already opened the exit. Then take a left and we resume
from the south path.

Take the third arrow from the bottom. You arrive in a small neutral square. Head to the left (all other
possibilities are dead ends / backtracking). You arrive on a rectangle with a torch, which will not help
you masses (no need to light it, my indications will suffice). Take the arrow to the south of the torch
(or jump over the arrow on the left, you will arrive at the same point), you are in a new square with a 
torch on your left. Take it down. You are on the other side of the torch now. Take the first arrow on the
left from the top. You are facing a block but have no key. Take a left and open the trunk. Again on the
left and open a second chest. You have no choice, take a right. You can now open the block that sealed
the passage. Take the north exit, then downstairs to open a third chest. Take a right to return where
you were, open both blocks and take Fire Stone # 2. Now you have to get out of this labyrinth. For this,
take the exit at the top (opposite when you leave the trunk) which goes to the right. Take the key, then
left (no choice). Open the block and take the north exit. Now, go right, down and then right again. You 
access the last vault (which you have already opened if you had first taken the block to the west). You
just have to turn left and go out. So much for the Beaumont Test.

Now go back to Dungeon 5, but instead of diving into the water on the left, climb the stone bridge once, go
straight ahead and jump over the holes. Engulf yourself in the labyrinth of the mountain, and follow my
directions. At first, follow the wall on the right, follow it until you can not do anything but go up
(all the east of the room, you should have passed four crossings going up: on your first pass to the
north at the entrance, another just after, then two others a little further each time before a staircase).
Once you can do no more than go up, do not take the first staircase but the second. You make a kind of S
to reach it. Here, the hard part is done. Take any of the following stairs in this floor (there is one on
the north and one on the west). Both lead to the same place. Once back on the ground floor, take the 
stairs at the top left. You will recognize it easily because just before, the wall is a sort of recess.
Take the stairs on the left, twice. You have only one possible path, which leads to two stairs side by
side. Take the second (the right one) to reach # 15 Heart Fragment. Return to the previous floor and 
take the stairs on the left. Now go to the west of the room. You will still make a S. Just in front of
the stairs that will take, you will have a jar location. Continue to the chest and take the 
Fire Stone # 3.

Exit the labyrinth by jumping into the hole (it is only later that you will take the exit of the first floor)
and leave the Labyrinth of the Real Hero constituting the Test of the Mountain. Take the east, enter the
subway of the canal, always go east until you get out, make a jump to the witch (on the right of Inferno)
to buy a potion, whatever it is, in order to enjoy a new Bottle, then talk to Inferno. Ask at first 
100 Rubies, because it's always taken, then talk to him again and ask "The black stones ..." giving you a
clue about your next acquisition. You are in the Daedalus of Inferno.

-- CHAPTER 12 -- INFERNO'S DAEDALUS (LEVEL 6)

This dungeon is much more complex than the previous ones in term of course, but much simpler because the 
enemies are very few. You will have to combine address and memory paths. So start by going to the left,
push the block according to the usual pattern: top left, bottom left, and center up. Continue on the only
path available. When you pass under the platform, make a diagonal to the northeast (you can not go to the
left). Take care of the enemy (I advise to paralyze them with the boomerang, and not necessarily to kill
them because the recoil can be more dangerous than anything else ... or to kill them with the boots,
preventing the recoil. there is no risk, give it to your heart's content) and go upstairs. You will have
to navigate to the left between the two floors until you reach the skull where a Small Key is. Walk back
to the entrance. This time take the north exit into the west pit of the entrance. Jump over the arrows, 
and immobilize the enemies. Here, the battle is tough because of the lava: you can not use your boots
safely and hindsight is dangerous. Be careful. Turn both torches north to reveal a chest containing the
Map. Climb a floor, you're in a dead end. Do not try to cross the two spades, it's useless for now.
Instead, put a bomb at the crossing of the torches and dive into the hole. Again, you do not have the
choice level path masses. You can return to the entrance going east, but no interest, so enter the room
on the left and go up one floor.

You are at the start of a path that you will repeat a few times, as evidenced by the arrival of teleporter
next to the crystal switch. Activate the latter via the boomerang or the grapple so that the blue pads are
lowered. Do not worry about the chest in the flooded pit yet, you'll only have it a little later. Take the
chest at the top of the pretty crossing in low walls, it contains 100 rubies. Unlock the door on the 
right. The teleporters in this room are only there to annoy you and bring you all in one of the four 
arrivals from this room, so jump over the first and get off a floor. In this big, long room, do not go 
down the stairs in the center: they make a loop, and the teleporter on the top floor takes you back to 
the crystal switch. Basically, it's useless for now. Take the path to the right and climb the stairs at 
the end of the path. You are on the other side of the room at the flooded pit. Continue on the only path,
and when you are about to fall below, here you have to be very careful: you must get as close to the edge
as possible without falling, and make a jump with the Feather. This is the only really tight passage of this
dungeon, because sometimes the perspective plays against you. To give you an idea, it is the shadow of 
Link that matters, it must be that it is barely on the edge.

But at first, fall voluntarily. Take the right (only available path), activate the crystal switch to empty
the flooded pit, jump below and jump over the teleporter at the end of the path. You find a chest with a 
Small Key. Take the teleporter to find you at the beginning of the path of the previous paragraph. So take
the road this time taking the Compass in the formerly flooded pit, and at the end of the path do not miss
the jump at the end of the previous paragraph. Take a shot at the crystal switch to lower the orange
studs, and go first to the left, take the down arrow, and take the stairs. You arrive in a room full of
lava. Take a leap south and take the gate to the east, jump down from the cornice up, take the 8 Bombs 
under the third vase (you'll soon need it). Climb the stairs to the west, take the chest containing a 
Small Key and return to the room with the 8 bombs. There, jump in the hole. You are at the diving board 
again.

This time, since the crystal switch, you're going to have a new speed test: put a bomb near the switch and 
turn to the right to get behind the orange studs. When they are up, everything will be fine. Note that you 
do not have to use the Pegasus Boots to pass this speed test. Jump below, but be careful: it's not a 
gigantic hole you see, but three independent holes each leading to a different part of the dungeon. The 
right option is the top one, because it allows you to reach both the central staircase among the three, 
and also to access the same place as if you had taken the bottom hole (the reverse is not true). So, stick 
to the north wall and jump. Climb the two floors (you have no choice), and head north. Right or left, all 
paths lead to the locked block. So use your recovered key sooner, and keep taking care to jump over the 
tiny, slightly treacherous holes. After you have pioneered in the middle of the orange studs following the 
blue studs, turn on the torches. Enter the next room through the door that has just opened, make the small 
hook until you reach the hole surrounded by two studs. On the right is the crystal switch allowing you to 
lower them (a boomerang shot will suffice). A few more steps and you will get (finally) the Big Key. But 
the studs are not in the right position, so drop directly into the hole below to return (still) to the 
diving board.

Repeat the journey you have made from this hole, but this time you can access the Great Gate. Go up one 
floor, and take the northernmost door of the two doors leading you to the room on the right. Going along 
the wall, you get the Heart Fragment # 16 and get a new heart, which will not be too much for the next 
fight. Continue going east then north. In this room, the slab in the center of the torches is trapped. Iron 
on (without going over) to open the door and go down one floor. You arrive in an ambush.

MINI-BOSS: MELEE GIBDO
The boomerang is your friend. Here, this mini-boss who is not one is an attack of mummies very violent in the
Zelda universe. There are seven and each takes eight sword strokes to give up the soul. Of course, you can 
use all the possible weapons imaginable: arrows, skulls, bombs ... Just think to immobilize them with the 
grapple or the boomerang, because they have no recoil in front of your shots and you can quickly make you 
submerge by the number and resistance of these enemies. By proceeding methodically, you should get by. Do 
not wait until their paralysis is over to give them a kick / boomerang, it resets the duration of paralysis.
The skulls provide you with a lot of arrows, so feel free to use the bow.

Once this ambush is done, take the northwest exit and open the Big Chest to get the Golden Gloves. The world 
is yours now. Go into the room with the two crystal switches north of the room full of lava, and jump into 
the hole in front of the bottom crystal switch. You arrive in the room with three torches (where you had 
raised the intersection). You can now open the chest to have the Boss Key. Go back to the three glued 
holes, always take the same path but this time, arrived at the top (second floor therefore), take on the 
left by pushing the block. You can make your way to the chest containing a Small Key. You are now ready to 
face the master of the place. To do this, go up a room, and just after the passage with the locked block 
that you had removed (next to the mini-boss room), jump over the lava to be in the right direction then go 
north . Under the skulls there are some hearts. Go up one floor, and follow the only path available. Admire 
the power of throwing black stones: they do twice the damage of the usual stones. At the end of the path is 
the boss's room.

BOSS: DRAKOMOS
This is a pretty difficult boss, although the strategy is pretty simple: Drakomos will summon small enemies
(Helmasaurs), and sometimes instead of summoning one of his servants he will summon a black stone. You will
have to cast this black stone on one of the two heads. Each head has its life bar. You will need 4 stone 
throws per head to kill him. There are two pretty secure points, it's all on the top left and the top right 
of the room. Its fireballs can not reach you in these corners, but enemies and stones will not be invoked, 
so you will have to take risks. A good tactic is to wait a little (he stops invoking his servants when 
there are a number) so that there are already some black stones on the ground when attempting a raid. 
If you wait until he is about to spit fire and throw a stone at that moment, his fire is canceled. The 
fireballs obey precise angles and go in a straight line.

Once killed, recover the Heart Container with your boomerang or grappling hook, and listen to the words of 
the guard that appears. He gives you a Superior Quiver (usually the Big Quiver because you have not yet 
afforded the other quiver at the store).

-- CHAPTER 13 -- THE KEY FESTIVAL

You now have access to almost every region of the world, thanks to your new ability to lift black stones. 
You can now visit the optional dungeon (Secret Level, Tower of Heaven) at any time. I can not advise you to 
do it as soon as possible, because you will get a bonus of choice by finishing this dungeon. To reach it, 
all you need to do is to go east of Lyriann. In the forest you will see everything at the end of the path 
two trees that are slightly spaced. There, you have to go a little at random (follow the map of this area 
for a precise route), as a rule with a diagonal down / left to reach the first point where you see yourself 
again, then make zigzags to the right once you have disappeared to finally come out on the right.

In the meantime, you will be able to recover a large amount of Heart Fragments before embarking on one of 
the most difficult dungeons to follow. Start by going to Sahasrahla's house. In his cellar, from the 
beginning, a chest is blocked with a black stone. Inside, you will find Heart Fragment # 18. Head now to 
the fairy fountain, but turn right between the trees. You have an entrance in the trees, behind three black 
skulls. Inside, a maze of teleporters (the map with the correspondences here). Take the right to the lower 
right corner of the room. You will find a key under a vase. Jump over the teleporter in front of the locked 
block, lift the vase and activate the button below. Take the teleporter and lift the first vase, a button 
below will open a path to a second key vase. You have three vases near the entrance next to the teleporters 
in the center, under the one on the right is a key. Take the nearest teleporter, two vases: a button and a 
key. From the entrance, take up then first right, walk along the wall and unlock the block. Take the path 
down from the junction, allowing you to open a passage on the left. Then take the passage up to open the 
locked block and lift the two remaining vases (the center one hides a button, the one on the left is 
uninteresting). From the entrance, go up, one step to the right and again to the top. Take the teleporter, 
go through the path where the torches were, lift the vases to make them disappear once you have passed, 
then unlock the block to access (finally) the crystal switch. Once this last blue, return to one of the two 
teleporters. You are in the entrance again. Head north to the teleporter, here you are in the trunk room. 
Here you find the Iron Key. Arise. You can make a detour through the dungeons of Hyrule Castle at any time 
to retrieve the Big Bag of Bombs / Bag of Giant Bombs depending on whether you have already bought the one 
from the store or not (cell left of yours when you are done Stop).

Still in the village, head to the Fairy Fountain where you got the Super Boomerang. Take the right entrance,
then go upstairs. Here you are in a new maze where you have to push a block (the map with the path to 
follow here). Go under the first block south of the stairs, push it all the way in these directions: up, 
left, down, left, down, right, up, right, down, and from there you have to be very careful at the zig-zag 
crossing on the right. Stop each time a step before the wall, and follow the only path available by 
alternating up and right. Once against the rectilinear wall on the right, start pushing again in these 
directions: up, left, down, left, up, left, up, left. You can now move on to the next part.

Start by pushing the block from the top to the right (stop one notch before the wall), mount it, then 
right, down, one step to the right, then down right. It is thus blocked against the right arrows which go 
upwards. The block next to these arrows has only one possible path: right, up, left, up, right and up to 
the corner where it hangs. Return to the two blocks you had left behind. They will do much the same way, so 
start with the highest of the two, because the second will pass by here (otherwise it will block). Raise it 
one notch, to the right all, one notch at the top and one to the left, then at the top, to the left, three 
notches up, then push it in front of the second arrow (allowing you to jump to get behind the torch).
The last block will make a notch to the right, at the top, right, top, right (stop a notch before the wall),
at the top, a notch to the left, then at the top. You can now use the grapple to get to the other side of 
the hole after playing leapfrog. Remember to take Heart Fragment # 19, then take the path to the right. The 
crystal switch will open a constant shortcut. Take the door right on the ledge, you get the Stone Key.

Go back to Inferno, then jump from the ledge to the right. Open the door, and play the chests game. Here 
you can get the Wood Key and the # 20 Heart Fragment. Remember to save before in case luck is not with you. 
You have about 31% (exactly 5/16) chance of recovering the Wood Key, and about 18% (exactly 3/16) of luck 
to fall on the Heart Fragment.

Again go back to Inferno, and this time dive from the ledge on the left, behind a black skull. The goal of 
the game behind this door is to solve the puzzle by opening all the chests without falling (the map here). 
Take the one in front of you, then use the grapple to reach the chest on the left. Go north and use the 
grapple to open the third chest. Place yourself facing the only rock that is not against the hole, and use 
your grapple to reach it. Lift the rocks on the right and the top left, and use the grappling hook to open 
the fourth chest. Return to the platform at the rocks, then go south to open the fifth chest. Take the 
teleporter south, and open the last two chests. You get a total of 82 Rubies and the # 21 Heart Fragment. 
Jump in the void then the cornice and go in the water on the left. While jumping from the waterfall, you 
arrive in the fountain of Lyriann. Walk along the left wall and enter the small recess to reach a 300 ruby 
chest. Then follow the wall on the right, always the same: recess, exit on the ledge, you get the # 22 
Heart Fragment. Enter the cave again and this time, go back to the main canal and exit from the south. Try 
to make your way through the rocks until you can walk along the cliff of the island, then enter the cave. 
You get the Ice Key. Jump from the ledge to the right, then go through the rocks to the left screen. You 
will arrive next to the entrance to the Dungeon of the Forest.

You should have enough to buy the # 23 Heart Fragment in the Bazaar as well as the Magic Mirror (which will 
serve you a little later). To access the next dungeon, return to the True Hero Labyrinth. Take the first 
staircase opposite the entrance, then exit. On the ledge, climb the bridge. You can get a new tornado 
attack by going right after the bridge and lighting all the torches: the fairy will give you the Precis of 
Fencing. Take a left after the bridge otherwise go directly to the dungeon: in the cave, you must jump over 
the holes (go to the left) and you will arrive in front of the Crystal Temple that you can now open thanks 
to the Ice Key.

-- CHAPTER 14 -- THE TOWER OF HEAVEN (SECRET LEVEL)

As soon as you enter, start by shooting an arrow in the eye of the statue to open the door on the right. 
Follow the only path available until you meet an empty chest and three Skeletors. Kill them all to get a 
Small Key. You still have no choice, so keep going west to get two patterns on a wall. Put a bomb to 
release the passage. You can only push one block each time, so you can not block yourself by pushing a 
block. In the trunk, you get the Map. Before you leave the room, turn on the crystal switch: it must be 
blue. Go back to the second room (to the right of the entrance) and use your grappling hook. Once on the 
other side, turn on the crystal switch so that it turns red, and follow the north path. Blow up the awkward 
blocks, jump over the hole (it looks big but putting you on the edge it goes, and if you fall just make the 
jump, you will be directly positioned), and go upstairs.

Here you are in the main hall of the dungeon, it is simply huge and teeming with enemies. At first, use your
boomerang or an arrow that you shoot from the studs, facing the entrance, to free you a passage. Indeed, 
there is a crystal switch hidden under the recess to the south. Once on the other side, activate it again 
so that the orange pads are lowered. Then put a bomb and position yourself on one of the orange studs, no 
matter which: everything communicates thereafter. You will notice that there are four buttons, scattered 
north, south, east and west. Activate them in this order. At first, do not kill enemies: you must first 
leave this room to be able to do everything, save your strength. Once you have the key switches, jump in 
the hole to the west.

You are back on the ground floor. Climb the stairs and use your grapple to light the four torches. A small 
key appears. Take it, and to start again push the block of right until reaching the room with the skeletors.
Go back to the first floor. Take the Small Key under the vase to the northeast of the room, and you now 
have enough keys to open popo access on the upper platforms where the torches are. Kill all the enemies of 
the room (the boomerang here will prove of a very precious help, because they are sturdy enough) to have 
the last Small Key. Light all the torches so that a new path awaits you. Take it and go downstairs.

Follow the only path for now. The crystal switch must be red. You will have to be fast enough. Put a bomb 
on the switch, use your grapple on the statue and go on the other side of the studs. While walking, you 
have time but do not hang around. Carefully pass the hallway trapped by the spades and open the trunk. A 
new Small Key for you. Go back (do not forget to put the crystal switch back in red). South of this room, 
you can open a shortcut that will always remain active by pushing the block: it is the room of the three 
skeletors. Now, go back north and up the stairs but turn right to open the locked door. A butcher's shop 
is waiting behind you: twenty or so Popo are waiting for you to get chopped. Indulge yourself, and then go 
down one floor.

Walk along the right wall that goes south, push the block twice to pass and then use the grapple to recover 
the Small Key. Return to the top of the canal, go west and return to this passage its original symmetry. 
This will empty the water unveiling, oh surprise: a small key. Do not bother, there is nothing at the end 
of the canal. Continue west and kill the Lizalfos. Open both blocks, and push the southeast statue on the 
button in front of the chest. In the room on the right, four Lizalfos will attack you. Defend yourself, and 
you will get ... The Big Key! Take advantage of this unique opportunity in the game to seize the Big 
Key in an original way (grapple, boomerang, ...), because it will be the only time you will see it outside 
a chest. Open the Big Chest in the next room and you will have the Half Magic. Return to Popo's crowded 
room, and go up one more floor. Take the chest (the Compass), jump below and open the Great Gate west of 
this room.

Wait for the evil slabs to settle down (there are twenty: five groups of four) and continue east. The 
bottom path leads to a timed and very fast crystal switch (5 seconds): activate it with an arrow and use 
your boots to dart through the door that has just opened. A passage I love where you have to run along 
the south wall to dodge all the spades is waiting for you. It's nice to see and safe. Climb to the upper 
floor.

Do not worry about the enormity of the labyrinth trapped: the path to the right allows you to go down, the 
one to the left to go up. Easy as pie. Beware of spades, go south carefully. You will see a chest in the 
middle of a platform. Use the grapple, open it: it contains Heart Fragment # 17. The spikest ball furthest 
to the south only to the door, be careful before you engulf (and especially, if you go down, think to 
charge directly to the side ...). Follow the only path available and you will come to the boss (no Boss 
Key, like the last dungeon: it's normal).

BOSS: POUTROXOR
It is a revival of the Phoenix. Seek his rider as soon as you can, this is his only weak point. At this 
point, it sends you a single flame towards you, you will have to dodge it and succeed in predicting its 
movement. Once the rider is killed (seven arrows), Poutroxor accelerates and will be more difficult to 
reach in the middle of the race. His mouth is his only weak point, aim sparingly. He sends a dozen 
fireballs in a random direction, be careful, but this is also his greatest weakness because it stops and 
you can send him two arrows easily at that time. You will need seven arrows again to kill him. With your 
victory, you get a new sword twice as powerful as the old one: the Hylian Sword.

WARNING: like Dungeon 5, if you save and exit just after the boss, you will not start at the foot of 
the Tower, but at the exit at the top of the Tower, and will have to make the whole trip in the opposite 
direction : remember to go in and out first at the foot of the tower if you want to stop there.

-- CHAPTER 15 -- CRYSTAL TEMPLE (LEVEL 7)

We begin the dungeon with a room similar to the hunt for signs. Follow the directions after killing the 
enemies. Be careful, they start to be tough, I hope you did the Tower of Heaven because the fighting will be 
much more difficult in the opposite case.

List of indications: left, up, right, down, right, down, left, up, right, down, left, down, right, up, left,
up, right, down, right, down, right, up, left, bottom, left, up, left. You can also consult the reading 
order on the image opposite.

Continue on the only available path, to the left. In this room, place a bomb on the crystal switch on the 
left and go up through the central door to the north. Pull the left statue to the south and wait for the 
door to open, then go back to the previous room. This time go directly to the north central passage without 
activating the switch: you have access to the northern part of this room. Start by going northwest. Two 
tips are available to you. Take the right / top one to find the # 24 Heart Fragment, then the left pipe to 
take the chest. You get a small key. Return to the previous room with the fence and go this time to the 
northeast. At the end of the path is the Map. The slab-index indicates the order of activation of crystal 
switches:
         4 7 2
         6 1 8
           3 5

Go back to the fence and jump below, then go east to find an entrance under the fence of the next room. Go 
up, and you will be in front of a pipe. Follow it to get to the famous crystal switches. Activate them 
according to the diagram indicated above. I advise against the use of the sword, a false movement can 
quickly happen, even more if you are not in front of the switch, the sword making an arc can make it all 
miss. Use a straight tool such as the grapple or the boomerang for more security. The chest just below 
contains the Compass. Activation of the crystal switches opens the door to the north. Unlock the door that 
is useless and chained directly with sword / boomerang: a duck will go out furiously. The south-east door 
unlocks once the hunt is over, and we're gone in a pipe. The chest taunts you, you will not be able to have 
it until later, then continue in the room in the east and raise the skull center in the south to release a 
pique which hid a button. I advise before to clear the way so that its movement is longer, giving you time 
to stroll at leisure. Each one his technique, you can also break absolutely all skulls and make this piece 
a giant meat grinder. In any case, go out to the north and go up a new floor.

Here is one of the most stressful parts for anti-chrono. You have the order of activation on the image 
opposite. Start by lifting all the skulls possible, without operating the switches for as much. First 
activate the one that is the most southerly (time: 12s), then go through the small labyrinth to the open 
door by actuating the switch next to it (time: 4s). Do not waste time and rush into this new passage, do 
not waste time with the skull on the other side of the door, it is useless. Go all the way to discover a 
new button under a skull. Go back in the opposite direction after having activated (time: 15s), activate the 
switch near this new door (skull bottom if you have not discovered, time: 4s), then go not on the left but 
on the right because once again the skull is a lure, then at the end of the path break the skull down to 
activate the last button (time: 12s). Go to the last door that has just opened, and you have come out of 
this infernal room. If you miss a single trip, you will have to start from the beginning. Once the door is 
over, you can return to the room without the exit closing.

First take the south staircase to activate the crystal switch, then the north to exit in the lower floor 
from the south. Here is the mix of pipes. Once out of the pipe, do not go on the fence (it's a cul-de-sac) 
and go up to the second floor. Navigate in the lower stratum of this floor to go north, and use your 
grapple from the edge of the giant hole to cross it to the west. In this room where two spades are going to 
be particularly annoying, you will have to report a block to the hole you have just crossed. A fairly 
simple method is to put the block right behind the first line of blue studs, stay on that line, and send 
the boomerang to turn on / off the crystal switch until the two spades are trapped and do not move 
anymore. . You can continue your merry way quietly. Push it to the north edge of the hole, then jump after 
it. So you land on the block, and can reach the left portion of this room without problems. Light the 
torches you discover a slab index indicating you must put a bomb right in front of her. The chest contains 
a Big Bottle of Magic Energy. So jump in the hole in front of the slab-index to arrive ... In the first 
room to the pipes, where there was the Fragment of Heart! But now you have to go all the way up this floor 
to get to the room east of the entrance. After eliminating the Lizalfos that reign in this room, put a bomb 
on the crystal switch and follow the path to the entrance, not without having recovered the Small Key next 
to the crystal switch before. You have fifteen seconds to make the trip, which is more than enough.

Repeat the technique used earlier to get to the second floor through the west room (so bomb on the crystal
switch, middle door, pull the statue, go through the door that opens, and go behind the statue then fall 
from the fence and go up one floor, go north and kill the soldiers to return to the brothel of pipes). You 
arrive again on the platform containing the safe that could not be recovered earlier because of the locked 
block. It contains the Big Key. Go back to the entrance (either by turning back, or by doing all the way 
of earlier, as you want ... I still advise to turn back: faster). Open the north door then go north-east. 
You will have to shoot and push the statue to its place, north of the room, but as it would be too simple 
to do it directly, it will take a huge detour full of pikes. Start by pushing it south and slightly east. 
Once it is in front of the pungent ball, push it to the right (or pull it, whichever suits you the most, 
the important thing being that you are on the other side than the spades). Once arrived at the corner, go 
down, watch the passage with the horizontal spike, then go to the corridor on the right up your statue, 
follow the only path available, usually it is the one that goes through the path of the spades. You will 
have to go through the path on the right with the two pikes that cross to be able to maneuver the statue 
sufficiently and thus bring it to the west. For the passage with the cross of the spades, there are two 
schools: the very prudent or the bourrine. You choose the style that suits you best, but the case remains 
very effective for a loss of life sum. The button is under the most north-west skull of the room. Go up one 
floor and you arrive in front of the "mini-boss", an ambush of Lizalfos this time. Six individuals are to 
be killed.

Exit from the west and take the Cane of Somaria. With this item, you can now walk all around Hyrule (except 
two caves that require the next item but you can eat thanks to the grappling hook). Jump down and take the 
stairs a little further. You come back on the path you had made to drop the block from the second to the 
first floor. Go back to this point and use your Somaria Rod to make a block to the right of the chest. Use 
this newly created block as an anchor for the grappling hook, then push it to the left and open the chest: 
you get the Boss Key. Return now to the dungeon entrance, by the way you want. Jump below the north 
hall, climb the stairs a little higher and from the wall on the left, use the Somaria Cane to create a 
block for your grapple. Go back once again to the entrance, making the detour to the left, and from the 
fence of the hall north of the entrance use the grapple on your block. Then go up two floors.

On your right you can pick up 300 Rubies using the grapple to the north on the fence with the four skulls 
lined up. Then use them to return (otherwise it will be necessary to retype all the way with the Somaria 
Rod from the entrance, etc.). The room still on the right with torches in circle is uninteresting for now, 
so head west. Go through the south passage and the blocks should disappear (there is an invisible switch on 
each side). In the next room beware of the treacherous holes: the enemies will like to make you fall, and 
you will be good for a new journey from the entrance ... Go around the room from the west, you will arrive 
at a statue that you must pull south, retrace your steps and jump over the hole that takes a full corridor 
despite its narrowness to access the stairs that blocked the statue.

You are back in the pipe room. Only one way is offered to you, so not really the choice. You go up again in 
the hall with holes, but this time a single hole blocks the road, or rather you bar the cul-de-sac. Fall in 
this hole and in the next. You can finally open the chest that taunts you from the beginning of the dungeon 
behind the statue west of the entrance. It contains a small key. Repeat the maneuver to go north of the 
wire room above the entrance via the Somaria Rod, but this time open the locked block and take the stairs 
thus released. Climb two floors again, and activate the button when you arrive. This has the effect of 
removing one of the torches but only momentarily, namely for eight seconds, so you must hurry to use the 
Somaria Rod to activate the released switch. Beware of Lizalfos and spades in your haste. You can also 
clear the field at first and then do the maneuver. Follow the path thus released. The floor below awaits 
you with a chest of 100 rubies, and a crystal switch that opens a royal shortcut to all parts of the 
dungeon. You are in front of the boss's door.

BOSS: GELIDRAK
Gelidrak is a mix between Drakomos and the Phoenix. It flies around the room and sends you balls of flames. 
It has two weak points, the first only making it vulnerable to attacks on the second: you must first shoot 
an arrow in his tail, which has the effect of making his head vulnerable to attacks (I can not advise that 
to attack suddenly his head by sprinting or charged shots to be invincible when he wakes). It appears when 
you want to climb one of the stairs. You should know that while he is vulnerable, his body does not attack 
you if you touch him, so you can cross it without constraint (no need to waste time bypassing it, 
especially since it is a beautiful beast) . The less HP he has, the more he throws flames, so that he can 
send from a dozen to thirty flames. He has 24 life points, so that's a simple shot to give to the sword 
(first name) on his head. If you miss arrows, there are reserves in the skulls on the promontory to the 
south. If you still run out of arrows, as in the Phoenix fight, you will have ammo that will appear at 
every corner of the boss's room (each ammo will serve you 10 arrows).

Once defeated, recover the Heart Container and let the wise old man speak with you. It explains your next 
destination, but it will not be without a maze before.

-- CHAPTER 16 -- MIRROR, MY BEAUTIFUL MIRROR

With the Somaria Rod, you now have access to the entire map except two caverns, knowing that these two 
caves can still be scourged for looting. The first is that of the village with the laser, evoked in the 
passage of Dungeon 4 Dungeon 5 where we had just bought the Giant Ruby Bag. The second cave will be 
discussed later in this chapter.

At first, we will make a small point on what you should / could have at this stage of the adventure. If you 
made the secret dungeon and followed all the directions in this guide, you should have 17 hearts, no 
fragment waiting (we will get a lot of it in this chapter), the Giant Ruby Bag, the Big Bag of Bombs, the 
Grand Quiver, and finally three Bottles. If you have scoured the village's laser cavern, you have 
absolutely all the keys, the Hylien Glaive, and you have the Mystic Mirror, possibly with Fencing Accurate 
(the elements of this last sentence are not necessary to finish the game ). So much for the inventory. You 
should have enough rubies to buy either the Giant Quiver or the Giant Bomb Bag. The most useful being the 
Giant Quiver (the Giant Bomb Bag is very optional), consider it in your purchases.

Start by jumping twice from the ledge to the right of the entrance to the Crystal Temple, and go to the 
left entrance. You are back in the room with the mini-ravines. Thanks to the Somaria Rod, put a block on 
the right. To then use the grapple, arrive by the south of the block. The coin on the right contains Heart 
Fragment # 25. The vase at the bottom left hides the button to go out.

Now go back to the village and continue to the Twin Caves, south of the first dungeon. In the left entrance,
you had a chest that taunted you. Thanks to the Somaria Rod, you can now reach it: go to the vase by 
jumping to the north, put a block behind the wall, go back to the entrance and use the grapple on your 
block. If you have made the block too close to the edge to be able to pass then in front of the trunk, you 
can push it easily. Heart Fragment # 26 is yours.

Get out, but do not go too far: take a few steps to the west to reach a staircase that goes underground. In 
this passage you are waiting for 100 Rubies if you have not already taken them, and at the end, under the 
central vase, use your Somaria Rod to crush the button (the block to the north can only be pushed once, it 
again sadism). At the end of the cornice to the east, in front of the entrance to the cave where you found 
the key to the Crystal Temple, you will find a chest with the # 27 Heart Fragment.

You can collect 300 Rubies in Master Arbror's Lair (Level 3). You remember the button that we could not 
operate on the second floor? You have to enter the dungeon from behind (go around the west), use the 
Somaria Rod to reveal the last chest you could not reach. Return to the main entrance of the dungeon, go 
directly north using the grapple to cross the ravine, and go up one floor. You are next to the chest.

Return to the Mountain of Terror, but in the process fill one of your Bottles with water in the 
village (either at the fountain or in the trough at the pastry shop). You must go to the Mountain of Terror 
but on the east side, so on the side of Inferno. Take the entrance to the west of this screen (basically, 
the only other north entrance besides the Bazaar). Climb the stairs, take guard at the Bubble. Use your 
grapple on the vases to the north, then a Somaria stick on the left of the wall, go back to the entrance of 
the cave, then the grapple on your block and drop to the left. Follow the only path available until you 
exit on a ledge. Jump below, then enter the new cave. Here, a small labyrinth in the middle of a trapped 
ground will prevent you from progressing easily, but you must not fall from the platform where you are. The 
right path is the one going directly to the right, then to the north when you can not go further. You go up 
one floor, you have only one path available so go up one floor down the hall, and there take the first exit 
(south) as soon as possible. Once on the cliff, turn right, and use the bottle to grow the liana. If you do 
not have a bottle with water, you can fill it at the waterfall on the left. Once the liana is available, 
return to the cave, and go northeast.

Jump below, go out, on the right you have the vine with Heart Fragment # 28 in the lower right. If you want 
to try the second supposedly inaccessible cave, go back to the cave level, go west and take the cave to the 
south. Heart Fragment # 31 will reward you. If the experiment does not tell you anything or if it is 
successful, go back to the liana and keep climbing it. Turn left, reverse the waterfall with the Mystic 
Mirror, then drop off at the first possible ledge just past the wooden bridge. In the cave, turn on the 
torch to see where you are going, take Heart Fragment # 29, jump into the hole on the left, then a second 
time. In the trunk you will find the last Bottle. Get out, you are at the foot of the West Terror 
Mountain.

Enter the cave on the left, pass the small precipices, go around the room to put a block of Somaria behind 
the trapped ground, follow the only path available. Make a C in the dark room to reach a long enough hole. 
Fall, then go out. Go east to find the liana. Climb, then go east this time. In the cave, go down one floor.
Here, the soil is the same bottom as the hole, so it is by moving that you will see the path to take. Be 
careful, there is a fork on the end, you have to turn right because down is a dead end. With a little 
practice, you will manage to pass. Exit, and you will finally be in front of the entrance of Level 8, the 
Dungeon of the Rocky Peaks.

-- CHAPTER 17 -- ROCKY PEAKS KEEP (LEVEL 8)

On the way to the penultimate dungeon. Start by using your grapple to go east. You should know that the two 
rooms north of the entrance are useless, but you can visit them if the heart tells you. Kill the 
Helmasaurs, continue through the Southeast Room, kill the enemies to open the doors and activate the switch 
under the skull at the end of the path. This time, take the northeastern hall from the Helmasaur Hall, take 
the chest (a Small Key), and then open the door to the left of the entrance. In this room, first walk along 
the outer wall to the north. At the end you are waiting for a crystal switch that must finish blue. Return 
to the stairs of this room and go down. Use your grapple to make your way over the trapped ground and then 
a jump to the end to get to the skull hiding a button that opens the way to the top level fence. Make the 
opposite way to the stairs, then cross the room on the fence. Kill all enemies to bring up the chest 
containing the Map, reopen the door, and under one of the skulls is a Small Key. Walk back to the 
Helmasaur Hall, and take the North Exit. Watch out for the Gibdos, unlock the door on the right and follow 
the only path available (the one not passing by the laser of the blow) to the giant hole and fall in it.

You fall from two floors. Only one way is available to you, go to the left and push the block. Start by 
going downstairs: you can recover 100 Rubies after you kill the Helmasaurs of this piece. Continue north, 
and from the blue blocks turn on the crystal switch so that it is red and go out to the north. Here, if you 
play without sound, you might miss a hint. Follow the path to the index slab and activate it: you are 
teleported to an identical room next door. Stand out from the south, and turn on the crystal switches in 
each corner and center so that all turn on at the same time (the one at the top left resets the puzzle). 
The door opening to the east will give you 50 Rubies, but it is towards the west that the continuation 
takes place. Push the central block again, and go north (the south is a useless cul-de-sac for now). Again 
a huge hole is waiting for you. Jump in (from the right for more safety at the reception because a horde of 
Popos will welcome you) and open the chest. You now have the Compass.

Continue your way south and you arrive in the room of the Big Chest. Before continuing east, make a small 
detour via the stairs to activate, in the dark room, the crystal switch: the blue pads must be lowered. 
Once back to the floor and in the room on the right, four Bubbles are waiting for you, you will have to 
reach as quickly as possible the button opening the doors: it is at the bottom right of the central square 
of skulls. Two rooms after, here you are in a new maze of teleporters. Take the first, then the second. At 
first choice, take the westmost teleporter. You have no choice on two new teleporters and arrive in the 
more or less central part of the room. There, take the teleporter at the top right and you go to the last 
staircase. To go back in the other direction, you will just take the teleporter left then the last 
available.

You go up one floor. Empty the enemies room and turn on the crystal switch, then quickly go west to take 
the only exit from this room. You can choose to activate the crystal switch with a bomb or arrow to give 
you extra time. Two rooms north, push the block then turn left. In the huge hole, take either up or down, 
anyway you will have to start all the way to go also on the side of which you did not jump ... To return on 
the normal way, use the grapple on the skulls. Once both buttons are activated, open the safe in the room 
that has just become accessible. This Small Key will be very useful soon. From the Big Chest Room, push 
the statue to the top right into the giant hole in the east ward. Jump down and push the statue on one of 
the two buttons, put a block of Somaria on the second, then enter the north exit that has just released 
after making the crystal switch red. In the next room there are two fairies to heal your wounds a bit. 
Unlock the next door and pay attention to the spades: they follow the brown lines on the ground. Use your 
grapple at the top right to reach the next staircase.

Follow the only path available on this floor that runs along the ledge on the floor where you were, before 
falling, and jump down once to the end to reach a room full of pikes (still) and Hardhat Beetles. If you 
get hit, you can cross the spades directly, it's a viable shortcut. Go up two more floors and push the 
block below the one to the east: this will open the door to the south. Cross the flooded hall, you arrive 
in a room with walls invisible only for you but not for the enemies. You have to move forward while doing 
an S, then in the room to the east pull an arrow from the door to activate the crystal switch at the end. 
The button to open the south door is under the skulls at the bottom left. Repeat becoming the red crystal 
switch for the rest, and continue. For now you have no choice and must continue south. Once in the room 
with the huge ravine, take the first room on the left to find a Crescent. Retrace your steps and from the 
Gibdos Hall, go east: the orange studs must be lowered. Jump below and after getting rid of the enemies, 
put a bomb on the crystal switch and go quickly to the northeast to recover a new Small Key. Follow the 
only available path east to take a teleporter back to the flooded room. This time you can open the locked 
room south of the "imprisoned" spades. Follow the narrow path through the abyss, and especially do not rush 
on the last straight: at the end is the hole of the entrance. Take the stairs (if you want you can also get 
a Crescent in the room to the east).

Back on the ground floor, a new enigma with push blocks awaits you. It is quite difficult, so it is 
advisable to look at the path on the image opposite. It is important to put the block at the top left 
first, put the Somaria Block in the middle right, then the second block at the bottom left, push the last 
block next to the Somaria Block to jump at the end the way, to block the end of this path by a Block of 
Somaria (making the previous one disappear) and allowing you to push one last time the right middle block 
to the place where previously your Block of Somaria was. So you can turn on the crystal switch and open the 
door to the west. To avoid stress, you can also go along the flowerbeds of the wall: you do not risk to 
activate a button with a misplaced jump (only works for the southern flowerbeds). Good luck. Once all the 
way west, kill both guards to get the Big Key. Remember to place a bomb on the wall to the west to access 
Heart Fragment # 30. Plunge again into the depths of the dungeon to go to the Big Chest and get the 
Mirror Shield.

Continue your way to the right once your new shield is equipped, and return to the room where the spears 
were imprisoned (from the room east of the Mirror Shield, you have to go down and follow the only path). 
Leave this time the crystal switch activated in blue, go south to the long room with a ravine in the 
middle, then go all the way to the west and use your grapple to go through this entrance. Thanks to your 
shield, you can now go beyond the laser. You can prevent the rays from touching you even with the sword 
unsheathed, the direction of the shield remains the front one (to avoid being touched, you have to load 
your sword to the north and go this way until you reach the radius) . At the end of the path, on the 
platform, launch a bomb between the second and third skull. You are now back in the ravine room, but from 
the south. Head east, lift the skull in the next room and activate the button: this brings up a chest with 
a Small Key. Now you have to go get the Boss Key, which is behind a double lock (you have to see the 
room we are talking about ...). For that, go back to the giant hole of the entrance (at the end of the 
small narrow path), and plunge again in the abyss for one last time. Go all the way back to the Big Chest 
room, and make your way back as when you had to activate the two buttons on each side of a giant hole. But 
instead of heading to the hole, go east (the orange studs must stay down all the time this time). Then walk 
back in the opposite direction to all the times you passed through these rooms, push the block south and 
you can access the two locked doors to the west. You get the Boss Key. Go back to the ground floor and 
you can open the boss's door after the big block room, the eye stops pulling when you open the door.

BOSS: BILLY THE BOLD
This is the most useless boss in the history of video games. It just gets you going, you do not have to 
move - just hit the sword at regular intervals to get rid of it. Nevertheless, he entrusts you with a 
Heart Container at his death. And you will need it because just after going down the stairs ...

BOSS: AGAHNIM
The fight is essentially the same as the Dungeon 5: it sends fireballs and you have to send them back. The 
problem is that here after six shots (be careful, the sixth shot he returns the attack, put yourself at a 
safe distance), he uses one or two doubles that you can destroy with a sword stroke (but beware: they do 
not fear attack referrals). You have to find the right one, namely the one that is not transparent). The 
balls will quickly increase in number and speed, the fairies found on the way will not be too much ... 8 
new shots will be needed to shoot it. He summons his doubles when he comes to take an attack, so do not 
forget to lose some time to disable them with a sword.

Once defeated, he releases your favorite enemy Ganon who teleports you directly into his dungeon. You can, 
however, come out and use the vortex to return easily. Feel free to hear from Billy the Bold in our 
exclusive interview.

-- CHAPTER 18 -- TEMPLE OF REMEMBRANCE (LEVEL 9)

Before you start in this dungeon, you can watch the soluce at this location to collect 300 rubies and the 
Bone Key (necessary to obtain an extremely powerful optional item, see the interview of Billy the Bold for 
having more clues) and recover Heart Fragment # 31 (shown here). Buy the latest upgrades you want in the 
village shop, and you're good at storming the last dungeon of the game.

It will be extremely long, you will be warned. In the second room, kill the two Pig Guards to open the 
door. In the next room, you have to clear your way by lighting the torches to make it appear. If it 
disappears it remains practicable, but you will not see where you put your feet ... Take the room to the 
southeast first and follow the path to find a small key at the end. Return to the room with the invisible 
slabs, then this time take the northwest exit. Again a maze of teleporters. First take the bottom one, the 
left one and the top left one. Open the locked door. Use your grappling hook to reach the skull north of 
the new room, and activate the button it hides. Head south. Operate the buttons in a clockwise fashion, 
regardless of the first. Pass the room with the red buttons on the left, and in the next room use your 
grappling hook to reach the skull on the central platform. By killing the two Gibdos that appear, you 
reveal a chest containing 300 Rubies. Go to the north room and turn on the crystal switch to turn blue, 
then go down one floor from the Gibdos room.

In this room, you will have to walk in twelve seconds to get through the door. No need to run, with all the 
obstacles it will slow you down more than anything else. Once on the other side, it's left for a new (and 
last) maze of teleporters. You can refer to the special map that shows where each teleporter opens, but you 
can also follow these directions: take the first teleporter and then the one just left and one step north 
of your arrival. Continue north one step then take the one on the right. Go up one floor, then in the north 
room (the room with red buttons), walk on the two buttons of the center. This brings up a chest. Retrace 
your steps. In the maze, take the first teleporter (not the choice), then the one just above you, right and 
finally the two notches to the right and a notch down. Go up one floor and take the chest that you made 
appear: it contains the Map. Return to the room where you took the Small Key to the east of the room: the 
blue pads are now down. If you do not know where to go in the maze of teleporters, take the one from the 
top then the bottom right. Once in the room north of where you got the key, kill all enemies to bring up 
the chest. It contains a small key. Head north and follow the only path available. At the end is a locked 
door. Fight your way through the plots, blocks, stakes and ravines. In the west room, play with the crystal 
switch and the skulls to activate the buttons under them and bring up the chest. You will find a 
Small Key. To return to the teleporter north, the crystal switch must be red.

You are ambushed. Kill all enemies to bring up the chest containing the Big Key and open the door. Exit 
south then east, and take the contents of the Big Chest in this room. You get the Red Tunic. Exit 
from the south and take the teleporter to the left. Take the first exit north into the Invisible Slab Room. 
Turn all the switches to exit on the right, then go north. Under a skull two rooms further hides a Small 
Key. Return to the room with three orange studs, go to the right, then a room to the north and finally to 
the left below. You arrive at the Grande Porte. Take care of the ravines in this room, they are traitors. 
Climb up one floor through the stairs to the north. Follow the path between the stakes, do not stop by the 
locked door. To the east is a small room with seven chests. Open them in this order: 3 6 2 7 5 1 4. You get 
the Compass. Return to the locked door and open it. Kill all enemies to open the doors. To the west, under 
the skulls are pimples. As you can see in the index slab, turn them clockwise, regardless of the first one, 
to open the passages. Take the south, then unlock the door to the east. In the next room, do not go through 
some places to keep the door open. Always stay further away from the direct path to the door, except at the 
end where you can walk along the wall. In the next room to the south, you have to use torches again to make 
the path appear.

At first, take the right. Under the first skull is a button that opens the door. In this room, the golden 
rule is to always change direction when a line or a hole stands in front of you. Then follow the only path 
available and at the end you will find a Small Key. Return to the room with the small path in invisible 
slab, and take the left. You can recover two fairies to the north by pushing one of the blocks to the south 
(fourth in the left row). Step out on the ledge and retrieve the last # 32 Heart Fragment. At this point, 
you should have 20 hearts. Do not jump from the ledge if you do not want to start all over again! Return to 
the dungeon through the entrance to the east. Make a hook on the left, unlock the door and lift the skull 
at the top right to open the door. In this room, you have to navigate between the two shelters in the right 
order. Start with the one at the bottom, then the top one, again the bottom one and finally the bottom one. 
Go up one floor (the staircase is north of the room).

Follow the path and kill the enemies to open the door. To the east is a teleporter. Play with the crystal 
switch to lower the blue pads and lift them up. In the west room, you have no choice and must go out to the 
north. Take the path to the left and collect the 50 rubies, then exit to the west. Cross the stakes to fall 
into a new ambush: a multitude of Hardhat Beetles will lead you hard. Do not hesitate to use and abuse 
paralyzing tools. You have no choice, take the west staircase. Jump down into the north room, take the 
stairs at the top left, turn on the switch on the other side of the door to the north and exit south. 
Continue in the next room, and go down one floor by the stairs on the left. Talk to the first slab-clue, 
and follow the directions by changing the floor when needed. Go through the door thus opened, and take the 
same path. This time, in the ambush room, take the first door. You can recover a Small Key in the room 
filled with lava. This one will be used in the room in the south. Behind is the last Big Chest, containing 
the Magic Cape.

Go north to the door behind which is the crystal switch in the middle of the piles. On his right, the Magic 
Cape warns you that the wall is weak. Take the opportunity to destroy with a well placed bomb. The crystal 
switch must be red to move to the next room. Head to the side of the locked door: the Magic Cape tells you 
a new weak wall. Destroy it with bombs and activate the switch on the other side: you can now solve the 
enigma of the room to the east. The button showing the chest is located to the north. Turn it on and go to 
the trunk because it will only be visible for five seconds. It contains a small key. Unlock the door to the 
northwest, follow the path and at the end is a skull hiding the button opening the doors of the room on the 
right. Continue east and take the stairs behind the blue studs. Taking the first stair encountered, you 
will open a shortcut for this part of the dungeon with a button hidden by a skull. Go up one floor and hit 
the jackpot: 230 rubies are waiting for you on the floor (in small cuts of 5 rubies). Turn on the crystal 
switch and go back to the right. Go east then south. Kill all enemies to reveal the chest containing a 
Small Key. To the right of the room to the north is the crystal switch that should turn blue. Go back to 
the room with two stairs, then unlock the door to the south. Fall into the hole and take the teleporter 
north.

Here you are in the Eagle Dungeon, the first Legend of Zelda. In both side rooms, there are only Skeletors 
to kill without consequences. Head north and kill the two Dogmen to open the doors. In the north room, push 
the block towards the center to open the doors, to the east a Small Key awaits you in the middle of 
Helmasaurs. Then head west and kill the two Gibdos to open the doors. To the north, push the block again to 
open the left door. Enter it to arrive in the Solarus Children's Room, which will explain how to defeat 
Ganon. Then unlock the door to the east and continue until you reach a staircase. Push the block to the 
left, and take the Small Key in the room to the west. Return to the stairs and unlock the door north after 
taking it. Here, Khotor just waiting to be fucked to open the continuation of the dungeon. You are finally 
in the last part of the dungeon before the final fight: in these rooms, you must always follow the arrows 
present in the majority. Here is the right direction: north, north, west, north, west, west, north, north, 
east, north. The teleporter brings you back to the beginning of the dungeon, so take advantage of it to buy 
your latest potions, you should have amassed a little fortune in this dungeon. Once ready, jump into the 
abyss to face Ganon.

BOSS: GANON
Ganon is not complicated in himself, he is just very enduring and, as usual, the more he will lose his life,
the more his attacks will be long and difficult to dodge. The key word here is the order of lighting 
torches: you must absolutely light them in the trigonometrical direction, as in the rest of this dungeon. 
Whenever the four torches have been lit in the correct order, a block bearing the Triforce symbol appears. 
You must send this block to Ganon to be vulnerable. During this phase, he will surround himself with bats 
(usually eight), but needless to stubborn, he is invincible throughout this phase. While you try to light 
the torches, it will spit fireballs with a flaming spill that will remain on impact, like the Phoenix 
fireballs. As the fight progresses, more will be the fireballs. Wait until he has finished spitting them to 
throw the block at him. After each send of triforce block that it wipes, it will make collapse part of the 
arena. When the four edges are collapsed, phase two will switch on and turn on the torches will show four 
crystal switches, each having a specific effect (the placement is random at each appearance). They can: 
randomly display objects on the field (refer to the bestiary for probabilities), stop any ongoing attacks 
or cancel Ganon's next attack, send bats burning fixed points on the screen, or make appear the Triforce 
block. Ganon has 24 life points, you will put as many simple sword shots to kill (less according to the 
power of your blade).

CONGRATULATIONS!

*~- FIN -~*
